
            
                1 What is the most shocking advertisement you have seen?
            
                2 What is the funniest advertisement you have seen? Describe it.
            
                3 What makes an ad memorable?
            
                4 What are the different types of advertising? (Eg. TV)
            
                5 What types of companies choose each type?
            
                6 Do you buy products because of advertising?
            
                7 Do you find advertising persuasive?
            
                8 Why do you buy one product over another?
            
                9 Should advertisers be allowed to advertise to children?
            
                10 Should alcohol or tobacco companies be allowed to advertise? Why or why not?
            
                11 What do you think of celebrity endorsements?
            
                12 Which celebrities advertise which products?
            
                13 Do favorite or annoying celebrities make you want or not want to buy a product?
            
                14 Should there be advertisement-free zones?
            
                15 Is there truth in advertising?
            
                16 What kind of advertisements attract your attention?
            
                17 Why is it necessary to advertise?
            
                18 Do you think advertising should be allowed to interrupt TV or radio programs? What are the alternatives?
            
                19 What is the best way to advertise to children? Adults? Seniors? etc..
            
                20 Do you think advertising is too expensive?
            
                21 What are some effective adverts you have seen lately (on TV, newspaper, etc)?
            
                22 What are some ineffective adverts you have seen lately?
            
                23 Can you remember an advertising campaign that caught your attention?
            
                24 What are the different methods of advertising?
            
                25 What is the most popular way of advertising?
            
                26 Do you think that the Internet and cable/satellite TV have become more important than national TV for advertising products?
            
                27 What do you think is the best way of discovering the tastes and interests of teenage consumers?
            
                28 Can TV advertising be a force for good?
            
                29 How easy do you think it is to influence children with advertising?
            
                30 Do you agree with anti-consumerism organizations that the child will have watched 350,000 commercials by the time she graduates from high school?
            
                31 Do you think the government has he right to ban advertising for junk food and soda during children's TV programs. What do you think about this? Why do you think they made this decision?
            
                32 Do political parties in (country) use TV advertising? If so, should they?
            
                33 When out walking or shopping in the city, do you accept advertising fliers or free samples that are offered to you?
            
                34 What forms of advertising are there?
            
                35 What would make an advertisement more interesting?
            
                36 Can you buy something and get something for free in your country?
            
                37 Do people use coupons where you live?
            
                38 What is the most advertised product in your country?
            
                39 What is the best form of advertising?
            
                40 What gets you interested in an advertisement?
            
                41 Describe an advertisement that you have seen or heard on the TV or radio. What was it about? How long did the commercial last? Did it make you want to buy the product?
            
                42 What is the funniest commercial that you have seen? Describe it.
            
                43 What differences can you notice between commercials from 10 or 15 years ago and commercials today?
            
                44 Do you think ads influence the choices you make when you buy clothes?
            
                45 Do you often buy a particular brand when you buy clothes?
            
                46 Why do you buy this brand?
            
                47 Does it give status to wear particular brands like Nike or Lacoste?
            
                48 Do you sometimes want very expensive things which you or your parents can't afford?
            
                49 Do you think ads influence the choices you make when you or your parents buy food?
            
                50 What brand is the ketchup you or your parents buy?
            
                51 Is it always the same brand? Why do you prefer this brand?
            
                52 What brand is the toothpaste you or your parents buy?
            
                53 Can you name three different ways of advertising? (For example, different media)
            
                54 Do you think there are too many ads in television? Why/why not?
            
                55 Do you know why some channels have ads and others not? If you do know explain.
            
                56 Do you think there are too many ads in magazines? Why/why not?
            
                57 Do you think there are too many ads in newspapers? Why/why not?
            
                58 Think of an ad you think is good or funny and tell about it.
            
                59 What kinds of ads do you like and why? What makes a good ad?
            
                60 Do you think children or young people are easier to influence through ads compared to adults?
            
                61 Do you think it's ok to show ads aimed at children on television? Why/ why not?
            
                62 When you watch TV, how much attention do you pay to the advertisements?
            
                63 Which advertisements do you like most and which least? Why?
            
                64 How would you advertise something you wanted to sell?
            
                65 What are the harmful and the beneficial effects of advertising?
            
                66 Do you think that ads create a desire for more and more material possessions?
            
                67 Do you think that commercials on TV are annoying because they interrupt programs or do you think that many ads are more amusing that the programs on TV?
            
                68 Do you think advertising is too expensive? What are the different methods of advertising?
