
            
                1 What annoys you about living where you live now?
            
                2 What annoys you about taking trains to work?
            
                3 What annoys you about driving a car?
            
                4 What annoys you most about living at home with your family?
            
                5 Do you think you have habits that annoy other people?
            
                6 Does it annoy you when people kiss in public?
            
                7 Do you get annoyed when someone cuts in front of you when you are waiting in line?
            
                8 What are some new pet peeves you have as a result of recent technology (i.e. cell phone use)?
            
                9 What annoying habits does your best friend have?
            
                10 Does smoking bother you?
            
                11 Do you get annoyed when other people display bad manners? Give some examples.
            
                12 What is the most annoying thing for you?
            
                13 What is the most annoying thing about your partner?
            
                14 Do you annoy people with some of your habits?
            
                15 What is something that your parents do that annoy you?
            
                16 Can annoying someone be a good thing?
            
                17 If something is annoying you, what do you usually do?
            
                18 What are some things that annoy you that don't annoy your best friend?
            
                19 How do you change annoying habits
            
                20 What are some things that car drivers do that annoy you?
            
                21 Can you think of some things children do that annoy adults around them?
            
                22 What does pet peeve mean?What is your pet peeve?
            
                23 Does it annoy you when people don't use the right punctuation?
            
                24 What kind of people annoy you?
            
                25 Who is the most annoying person you know? Why?
            
                26 How do you inform someone they are being annoying
            
                27 Do you think other people find you annoying? Why?
            
                28 Who is the most annoying celebrity? Why?
            
                29 Which is more annoying, being caught in the rain without an umbrella, or finding out you don't have enough money to pay for something you really need?
            
                30 Is there anything about your teacher that annoys you? What will you do about it?
            
                31 Does it annoy you when people don't use the right punctuation?
            
                32 Do you think it is annoying if people can't or don't speak your language?
            
                33 Which is more annoying, being caught in the rain without an umbrella, or finding out you don't have enough money to pay for something you really need?
            
                34 Why do people get annoyed?
            
                35 Do bandaids on ladies feet annoy you?
            
                36 What's the most annoying thing about your partner?
            
                37 What's the most annoying catchphrase or cliche you can think of?
            
                38 Is it worse to be ignorant or annoying?
            
                39 What annoys you about yourself?
            
                40 What do people do on the subway that annoys you?
            
                41 What do people do on the bus that annoys you?
            
                42 What do people do on the street that annoys you?
            
                43 Does it annoy you when people snore?
