
            
                1 Do you feel bad after you have an argument?
            
                2 What are some reason why people argue?
            
                3 What does your family argue about?
            
                4 How do you avoid arguments?
            
                5 Do you think it is best to argue or just walk away? Shy?
            
                6 Do you get along with argumentative people?
            
                7 Are you passionate about your beliefs?
            
                8 Do you ever try to impose your beliefs on others?
            
                9 Do you at times enjoy "playing the devil's advocate" (debating for the fun of it)?
            
                10 Do you get along argumentative people?
            
                11 Are you passionate about your beliefs?
            
                12 Would you describe yourself as an argumentative person?
            
                13 What other adjectives would you associate with an argumentative person?
            
                14 In your opinion is being argumentative a positive trait or a flaw?
            
                15 Are you easily persuaded in an argument?
            
                16 Do you ever try to impose your beliefs on others?
            
                17 Do you at times enjoy "playing the devil's advocate" (debating for the fun of it)?
            
                18 Have you ever taken part in a debate? Did you have to defend an opinion that wasn't your own? If so, was it easy? Did it make you re-evaluate your own views?
            
                19 How do you feel when someone disagrees with everything you have to say?
            
                20 Do have a "butinski"in your family? Do you tend to but in?
            
                21 At work do you often voice your opinions on controversial issues? If so, what kind of reception do get?
            
                22 Do you steer clear of some touchy topics or do you get a kick out of provoking others?
            
                23 How do you feel when you have a hunch someone's not paying attention to what you have to say? Do you raise your voice? Do you get nasty?
            
                24 How do you grab someone's attention when you're making a point? What can you do to lose it?
            
                25 Are hand gestures useful in an argument?
            
                26 Do you think it's disrespectful to argue with your elders?
            
                27 Do you often feel patronized in an argument?
            
                28 What do you say when someone is being condescending?
