
            
                1 Have you ever played baseball?
            
                2 Do you know the rules of baseball?
            
                3 Do you like baseball?
            
                4 Are you interested in baseball?
            
                5 How many players are on a baseball team?
            
                6 What position do you think is the most difficult?
            
                7 Who is your favorite baseball player? Why do you like him?
            
                8 Does baseball look like a fun game to you?
            
                9 What qualities do you think of baseball player needs to be good?
            
                10 Do they have professional baseball teams in your country?
            
                11 How much does it cost to watch a professional baseball game?
            
                12 Would you rather watch baseball at a stadium or on television?
            
                13 What is your favorite baseball team? Why?
            
                14 Do you follow professional baseball?
            
                15 Are there any baseball players from your country playing in the USA?
            
                16 Do you think baseball will ever be a worldwide sport like soccer?
            
                17 What are the differences between baseball in America and baseball in your country?
            
                18 How much does it cost to attend a pro game in your country?
            
                19 What kinds of food are sold at baseball stadiums in your country?
            
                20 Does your country have a minor league?
            
                21 Do you think young players aspire to be a pro in their home country or make it to the American Major Leagues?
            
                22 Are there recreational baseball teams in your country?
            
                23 Do children have easy access to baseball in your country?
            
                24 Do people play softball in your country?
            
                25 Are there women's baseball teams in your country?
            
                26 Do you consider baseball to be a slow game?
            
                27 Do you think the playoffs are more exciting than the regular season?
            
                28 Do you think baseball will ever be a worldwide sport like soccer?
            
                29 How does a kid make it to the pros?
