
            
                1 When was the last time you went to the beach? Where did you go?
            
                2 What do people do at the beach?
            
                3 Can you swim? When did you learn to swim? Who taught you to swim?What kind of swimming suit do you wear?
            
                4 Have you ever been night-swimming?
            
                5 Are there any problems with jellyfish, sharks or stonefish at your local beach?
            
                6 Have you ever played sports on the beach? Which sports have you played? How are they different from non-beach versions of the sport?
            
                7 What sort of animals live at the beach?
            
                8 Have you ever been on a sail boat or a row boat?
            
                9 Have you ever used a surf board or body board?
            
                10 Do you like to suntan?
            
                11 Do you think sunblock is important?
            
                12 Have you ever been to a famous beach?
            
                13 What do you wear to the beach?
            
                14 How do you keep your wallet safe while you are swimming?
            
                15 Is erosion a problem at your local beach?
            
                16 Is pollution a problem at your local beach?
            
                17 Should people be able to own a beach or part of a beach?
            
                18 Why is beachfront land so expensive? Why do so many people want to live there?Would you like to live there?What are some dangers of living on beachfront property
            
                19 Do you prefer a calm sea or do you prefer big waves?
            
                20 Should cars be allowed on the beach?
            
                21 What do you think of people who swim in the nude?
            
                22 Would you ever want to swim in the nude?
            
                23 Have you ever gone to a nude beach?
            
                24 Which is your favorite beach?
            
                25 Are there life guards at the beaches in your country?
            
                26 Do you think that people should be allowed to drink beer or other drinks with alcohol on the beach?
