
            
                1 Who do you think is the most beautiful person in your country?
            
                2 Who do you think is the most beautiful person alive today?
            
                3 Who was the most beautiful person in history?
            
                4 Who is the most attractive in your family?
            
                5 Does beauty affect one's success in life?
            
                6 Is it better to be physically attractive or intelligent?
            
                7 Is it better to be physically attractive or wealthy?
            
                8 Is beauty related to power?Can you think of anyone who is in a position of power that is not physically attractive?
            
                9 Do people spend too much time and money on beauty?
            
                10 How much time should be spent on making yourself look better each day?
            
                11 Who would you say is beautiful that others maybe wouldn't?
            
                12 Do you think people should have cosmetic surgery to enhance their looks?  If so what is the minimum age when someone should have plastic surgery? How popular is plastic surgery in your country? What is the most popular feature for cosmetic alteration? Do you think self-esteem affects beauty? Do you think beauty affects self-esteem?
            
                13 How important is beauty in your daily life?
            
                14 Have you ever noticed anyone ever feeling pressured to be more beautiful?
            
                15 What do you think of the proverb, "beauty is in the eye of the beholder?"Do you have any proverbs or idioms from your country that relate to beauty?
            
                16 What do you think "beauty is skin deep" means?
            
                17 What are some beauty tips that you could share?
            
                18 Do you think people with many tattoos can be beautiful?How many tattoos are too many?Would you ever get a tattoo?Do you have a tattoo?
            
                19 Do you think people with many piercings can be beautiful?What kind of body piercing, if any, do you feel are acceptable?What kind of piercing, if any, do you feel are unacceptable?
            
                20 What personality trait is the most important for inner beauty?
            
                21 How do you define beauty, using your own words?
            
                22 Would you ever date someone who was not conventionally attractive?
            
                23 What makes one person more attractive than another?
            
                24 Do you think people from different countries than you see attractive the same way?
            
                25 Is there someone famous that is considered beautiful, that you think is not?
            
                26 Are beauty pageants good or bad?
            
                27 Should children be entered into beauty pageants?
            
                28 Do you think one gender or group worries more about beauty than another?
            
                29 Would you want your children to be beautiful or talented?
            
                30 What are some of the drawbacks of being beautiful?
            
                31 Would you ever have plastic surgery?
            
                32 What do you think of celebrities who get plastic surgery?
            
                33 Do you think it's necessary to have plastic surgery if you are famous in order to be successful?
            
                34 Do you think skin color affects whether a person is regarded as beautiful or not?
            
                35  Do you think that fairer skin makes you more beautiful?
            
                36  What are some advantages of being beautiful?
            
                37  What makes someone beautiful in your country? What differs between that idea and the American idea of beauty?
            
                38  What do you think "beauty is skin deep" means?
            
                39 How many different adjectives can you think of to describe a beautiful woman or a handsome man
            
                40 Pretty is as pretty does.
            
                41 Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
            
                42 Beauty is only skin deep.
