
            
                1 What is good behavior? What is bad behavior?
            
                2 Were you well-behaved as a child? Why do some children seem naturally well-mannered, while others seem difficult?Were you a well-behaved child?How do you raise well-behaved children?
            
                3 What influences you to make good choices?
            
                4 Have you ever not tolerated someone's behavior? Is there any behavior that you would not find acceptable?What are some examples of bad behavior?What is he worst behavior you have seen?
            
                5 Would you teach your child to "hit back" at school if somebody hit him?
            
                6 How can we teach our children good behavior? Are words or example more important?
            
                7 Are you influenced by what you see on TV? Or by what you read?
            
                8 Do friends influence you? Can you influence your friends? Is it important to surround yourself with good people?How can friends have a bad influence on you?
            
                9 Can music influence your behavior?
            
                10 Is it important to only watch wholesome TV shows and only read good books?
            
                11 How has the media affected society? Has TV made society better or worse?
            
                12 How does religion influence people's behavior?
            
                13 Do you care what other people think of you?
            
                14 Do you care about the private behavior of a politician? Can you judge a politician by how he behaves toward his family?Do you give up your private life when you become a politician?
            
                15 Should people behave differently with friends than with family? Do you treat people who are close to you better than strangers, or vice versa?
            
                16 Does the behavior of well-known people, such as celebrities and politicians, affect how average people behave?
            
                17 Does economic status affect people's behavior? For example, are people more generous if they have more money?
            
                18 Who do you admire? Do you try to be like this person (or people)?
            
                19 Are there historical figures you admire?
            
                20 Who is affected by your behavior?
            
                21 In what ways have the choices of others affected you?
            
                22 Does your happiness depend on the behavior of others?
            
                23 Should you always be on your best behavior?
            
                24 Will we be judged for our behavior? Do you believe in a God who punishes bad people and rewards good people?
            
                25 Does it always pay to be good?
            
                26 How do you act when you are happy? Do you like being around happy people?
            
                27 Should people act on their feelings? If you are in a bad mood, can people around you tell?
            
                28 Do you believe we have a moral obligation to act happy, even if we do not feel happy?
            
                29 Is it possible to change one's behavior?
            
                30 Have you changed anything about your behavior? Have you started good habits? Have you broken bad habits?What are some ways to change your behavior?
            
                31 Do you set goals to improve yourself?
            
                32 What behaviors are expected from children towards their parents?
            
                33 Do the clothes you wear affect your behavior? Should school teachers wear casual clothes?
            
                34 What behaviors are expected from university and college students?
            
                35 Should corporal punishment be illegal?
            
                36 Are bad people bad because of circumstances or choices? What about good people?
            
                37 Do you think there is such a thing as an evil person, or just a sick person?
            
                38 Can bad behavior lead to crime?
            
                39 Should parents be held responsible for their children's behavior?
            
                40 What would you do if you saw somebody else's child behaving badly in public?
            
                41 Should some parent give medicine to their children to calm them down?
            
                42 Can you think of a behavior that is 'good' behavior in one culture and a 'bad' behavior in another culture?
            
                43 How would you behave in a hospital?
            
                44 What is the strangest thing you have ever done?
            
                45 Should children be punished in public?
            
                46 What kind of punishment do you think is the most effective ?
            
                47 What does "misbehavior" mean?
            
                48 What can we do to prevent or discourage it
            
                49 Is there a behavior considered a 'good' behavior in one culture and a 'bad'
            
                50 behavior in another culture? If yes, give examples.
            
                51 Can we teach our children good behavior?
            
                52 How can we teach our children good behavior?
            
                53 How do children acquire good behavior?
            
                54 What would you do if your child behaves badly in public?
            
                55 What would you do if you saw somebody else's child behaves badly in public?
            
                56 Would you spank (To slap on the buttocks with a flat object or with the open hand, as for punishment) your child for bad behavior?
            
                57 What would you do if you saw somebody spanking their child behaves for bad behavior?
            
                58 What should you do with a child who has very bad behavior?
            
                59 Would you teach your child to "hit back" at school if somebody hits them?
            
                60 How should we punish children who commit crimes?
            
                61 What behavior is not acceptable among friends?
            
                62 How should movie stars behave in public?
            
                63 Is it OK to show negative types of behavior when you are angry?
            
                64 What behaviors make you feel good?
            
                65 What behaviors make you feel angry?
            
                66 Should children be encouraged to ask questions in class?
            
                67 How can teachers stop "bullying" at school?
            
                68 Have you ever got embarrassed by your friend's/girlfriend's/husband's misbehavior?
            
                69 What is the right behavior to use in a job interview?
            
                70 How should you behave when you see someone you don't like?
            
                71 What is good behavior?
            
                72 What is the right behavior to use in a restaurant? At school? At a party?
            
                73 Can you think of a behavior that is 'good' behavior in one culture and a 'bad' behavior in another culture?
            
                74 Can we teach our children good behavior?
            
                75 How can we teach our children good behavior?
            
                76 How do children acquire good behavior?
            
                77 Would you spank your child for bad behavior?
            
                78 What would you do if you saw somebody spanking their child for bad behavior?
            
                79 Is it acceptable for parents to spank their children?
