
            
                1 What is your favorite story?
            
                2 Who is your favorite author?
            
                3 Who is your favorite character?
            
                4 What is your favorite genre? Action Mystery Suspence Detective Science Fiction Children's books War Non-fiction Travel books Self-help books History Biography Autobiography Gothic Classic Literature Modern Literature
            
                5 What is the longest book you have ever read? How long did it take you to read it?
            
                6 Have you ever belonged to a book club? What books did you read?
            
                7  The saddest? The strangest?
            
                8 How many books have you read in your life?
            
                9 Is there a time in your life when you read all the time?
            
                10 How many hours do you spend reading in a week?
            
                11 Have you ever been to a book signing or met an author?
            
                12 Do you have any ideas for a story for you to write?
            
                13 Do you read books based on recommendations?
            
                14 What are some of the books that were recommended to you?
            
                15 Were you ever given a bad recommendation?
            
                16 Did it change your opinion of the person who recommended the book?
            
                17 What books have you recommended for other people?
            
                18 How often do you go to the library?
            
                19 How many books do you check out at a time?
            
                20 How do you choose the books you are going to read?
            
                21 How important is the cover of the book.
            
                22 Do you watch the movie that came from a book?
            
                23 Most people say the book is better than the movie. Is this true for you?
            
                24 Did you enjoy reading books in school?
            
                25 What was your favorite book growing up?
            
                26 What was the title?
            
                27 Is there a book you just couldn't finish? What was the title?
            
                28 What is your favorite time of day for reading?
            
                29 Where is your favorite place to read?
            
                30 Do you listen to music while you read?
            
                31 Do you often read book before go to bed?
            
                32 What factors are important to you when choosing a book to read? Reviews?  A Recommendation from a friend?  The front cover?
            
                33 What was the last book that you read?
            
                34 What is your favorite book of all time?
            
                35 Have you ever read a book and then watched the movie? Which was better? Why?
            
                36 Who is the most famous writer from your country?  Have you read any of their books?  Do you think that they are overrated?
            
                37 What genre of book do you enjoy most?
            
                38 Have you ever tried to read a book in English?
            
                39 Do you think that it is more valuable to read a book than to watch television?
            
                40 Have you ever lent books to your friends and never got them back?
            
                41 Do you think that the internet and television will eventually make books obsolete?
