
            
                1 Have you made any recent changes in your life?
            
                2 Do you think change is important?
            
                3 Do you ever get the urge to refurnish your whole house?
            
                4 Do you rearrange the furniture in your house often?
            
                5 Do you like to rearrange your room or living-room?
            
                6 Do you think change is important in people's life?
            
                7 Do you think it is possible for a cold hearted person to change?
            
                8 Do you think that it is easy to mend our old ways?
            
                9 Do you think it is easy to keep up with the times?
            
                10 If you could change anything in your life, what would it be?
            
                11 What is the most difficult change you have ever had to make?
            
                12 Have you ever decided to get a tattoo?
            
                13 Have you ever cut your hair really short?
            
                14 What was the craziest change in appearance you have ever made?
            
                15 What was the last major change you made in your life?
            
                16 Have you ever decided to change the group that you usually hang out (spend time) with?
            
                17 What is one thing that you think you will never change about yourself?
            
                18 What is one thing you have tried to change, but couldn't?
            
                19 If you won a million dollars what things would you change about your life?
            
                20 What things would you keep the same?
            
                21 Has a friend of yours ever made any major changes that you were proud of? An alcoholic? An unmotivated person? A person who is stuck in their ways?)
            
                22 Have you ever converted (changed) over to a different religion?
            
                23 Have you ever changed over to a different political party.
            
                24 Have you ever dumped a boyfriend or girlfriend? Was the change difficult?
            
                25 Have you ever said no to a friend?
            
                26 Have you lost a pet, or has a person ever passed away on you?
            
                27 Have you ever quit your job?
            
                28 Have you ever became depressed and stay indoors for long periods? How did you get out of your depression?
            
                29 Have you ever had to change the way you speak, or the way you act? Why?
            
                30 Have you ever decided to change the way you dress? If so, why?
            
                31 Have you ever decided to change the way you eat, or your form of exercise?
