
            
                1 Why do you like living in the city?
            
                2 What are some of the advantages of living in a city?
            
                3 What are some of the disadvantages of living in a city?
            
                4 Do you know the neighbors who live near you?
            
                5 What's your favorite city? Why?
            
                6  What part of this city do you like the best?
            
                7  Can you describe the city?
            
                8 What aspects of life in the city would you complain about?
            
                9 What do you think should be done to improve living condition in cities?
            
                10 What are some differences between living in the city and living in the country?
            
                11 What size city is best to live in? Why?
            
                12 What are the names of two big cities in Europe?
            
                13 What are the names of two small cities in Europe?
            
                14 Would you prefer to live in a really old historical city, or a really new modern city?
            
                15 If you had grown up in a different city, how would your life have been different?
            
                16 Did you grow up in the city or in the country?
            
                17 Would you enjoy designing a new city ?
            
                18 Do you walk alone at night in your home city?
            
                19 Would you want to be the mayor of your city?What would you do?How would you change things?Do you think you could make big changes in your city?
            
                20 Would you want to be a member of the city council of your city?
            
                21 What monuments of your city do you consider the most impressive? Why?
            
                22 Do you like modern cosmopolitan architecture?
            
                23 How would you describe the architecture of your city?
            
                24 Which cities do you feel safe in?
            
                25 Which cities have the best bus services/taxis/metro?
            
                26 How can we make our cities safer places to live?
            
                27 Do you think that each city should have their own laws or could all cities share the same general laws?
            
                28 What would you do if you were in charge of a city? How would you improve it?
            
                29 Do you know if your city has a disaster plan for earthquakes, fires, tsunamis, etc? If so, what is the plan? In your opinion, is it a good/sufficient plan? What changes would you make?
            
                30 Do all the cities in your country or the U.S. have the same educational system?
            
                31 Can you suggest some good tourist sites to visit in your city?
            
                32 remove me
            
                33 What are you doing to reduce the amount of pollution in your city? Does your city have any laws about dealing with pollution? Do you follow them?How do you sort garbage in your city?Do you recycle on a regular basis?
            
                34  If you had grown up in a different city, how would your life have been different?
            
                35  Would you enjoy designing a new city?
            
                36  Can you name two cities in twenty different countries around the world?
            
                37  Do you think some cities are becoming too large? Why?
            
                38  What are some tourist attractions in your city?
            
                39 What are some historical places in your city? Have you visited them?
            
                40 What's the most prestigious university in your city?
            
                41 What are the major problems in your city? What are some long term problems?What are some recent problems?What is your city doing to solve these problems?What do you think should be done to solve them ?What are you doing to help solve these problems?
            
                42 Where's the trendiest area in your city? Do you enjoy going there?
            
                43 who are some famous personalities from your city?
            
                44 What would you do to improve some aspects of your city?
            
                45 Which city's sports team do you cheer for?
            
                46 Is your city very cosmopolitan?
            
                47 What are some cosmopolitan cities around the world
            
                48 What is the most important part of a city?
            
                49 Who is the local government head in your city?
            
                50 Which cities would you like to visit in your home country?
            
                51 Which cities would you like to visit around the world?
