
            
                1 About how much money do you spend on clothes a year?
            
                2 Do you like shopping for new clothes?
            
                3 Do you often buy new clothes?
            
                4 Do you prefer to go shopping or just browse? Why?
            
                5 Do you think men should be allowed to wear skirts?
            
                6 What piece of clothing do you spend your money on the most? Why?
            
                7 Do you read fashion magazines?
            
                8 Do you sometimes wear a hat?
            
                9 Do you think it is important to wear fashionable clothes?Do you think it is important to be in fashion?
            
                10 Do you wear jewelry?If so, what kind of jewelry do you wear?How often do you wear jewelry?What is your most valuable piece of jewelry?
            
                11 Do you wear the same color clothes now that you wore ten years ago?
            
                12 Do you wear the same size clothes this year as you wore last year?
            
                13 Do you think people feel different when they wear different clothes?
            
                14 Have you ever made your own clothes?If so, what did you make?Do you often make your own clothes?
            
                15 How many pairs of gloves do you have?
            
                16 What are some of the strangest fashions you have seen?
            
                17 What colors do you think look good on you?
            
                18 What colors do you think look good on your mother?
            
                19 What did you wear yesterday?
            
                20 What do you think of body piercing?Do you have pierced ears?Do you know anyone with a pierced nose?Would you ever pierce your tongue?
            
                21 What do you think of people who dye their hair green?
            
                22 What do you think of women who wear high heel shoes?Do you think high heel shoes are bad for a person's health?
            
                23 What fashions that you see today do you think will be out of fashion within two years?
            
                24 What is your shoe size?
            
                25 What kind of clothes are in fashion now?
            
                26 What kind of clothes do you usually wear?
            
                27 What's the most expensive piece of clothing you have ever bought?
            
                28 What's your favorite color for shoes?
            
                29 When was the last time you got dressed up?Why?How often do you get dressed up?Do you like to get dressed up?
            
                30 Where are some good stores to buy clothes in this area?
            
                31 Where do you usually buy clothes?
            
                32 Would you like to be a fashion model?
            
                33 What would you think of a women who cut off all her hair and went around bald as a fashion statement?
            
                34 What do you think of a man who is bald for fashion's sake?
            
                35 What do you think of women who wear short mini-skirts?
            
                36 Do you think that the clothes we wear reflect what is inside us ?
            
                37 What do you think of people who always and only wear black?
            
                38 What do you think of people with tattoos?Do you have a tattoo?Do you know someone with a tattoo?
            
                39 What do you think of people with body piercing?Do you have pierced ears?Would you pierce other parts of your body?
            
                40 What would you think of a high school student who always wore very conservative clothes?
            
                41 What type of clothing do you wear when you are angry and you want to express yourself?
            
                42 What colors do you choose to wear when you are happy?
            
                43 Would you dress the same as you do in your country if you went to America for a visit?
            
                44 Do you dress the same when you are depressed as you do when you are very happy?In what ways do you dress differently?
            
                45 If you went out with a group of high school friends, would you dress differently then if you went out with your grandmother and her friends?
            
                46 In what ways does your Grandmother dress differently then you?
            
                47 When you get old do you think you will dress like your grandmother or grandfather?
            
                48 Would you ever wear dreadlocks?What do you think of the people who wear them?
            
                49 Have you ever worn your hair braided in small braids.Did anyone look at you differently because of it?
            
                50 Would you ever wear contacts to change your eye color?
            
                51 What is the difference in the people who choose to wear contacts and the people who choose to were glasses?
            
                52 What do you think about women who don't wear earrings?
            
                53 What do you think about men who wear earrings?What do you think of women who do?
            
                54 Is it possible for women to wear too much make-up?When is a person wearing to much make-up?What do you think of men who wear make-up?
            
                55 Is it possible to be beautiful without wearing any make-up, earrings or other accessories?
            
                56 Do fashionable clothes really change the way a person looks?
            
                57 What differences have you noticed in the fashions here and in your country?
            
                58 What do you think of men who where tights?
            
                59 What do you think about secondhand clothes?Why do you think people buy secondhand clothes?Have you ever been to a store that sells secondhand clothes?Have you ever bought secondhand clothes?Would you buy secondhand clothes?
            
                60 When and where did you buy an article of clothing you're wearing right now? Why did you choose it?
            
                61 What would you think if the mother of the groom wore black at a wedding?What would you think if a bride wore red?Should a bride's dress be long or do you think it could be the length of a regular skirt?
            
                62 What items of clothing do you consider provocative in this country?What types of clothing are provocative in your country?Do you ever dress this way?
            
                63 What do you think of women wearing high heels?
            
                64 Why is it acceptable for women to wear men's clothing, but not for men to dress in women's clothing?
            
                65 Is there a stigma attached to people who buy no-name (no brand) clothing?
            
                66 Are some people more fashion conscious than others? What types/groups of people?
            
                67 Have you ever bought imitation brand clothing?
            
                68 What traditional clothes do people from your country wear?When do you wear them?Are they comfortable?
            
                69 In your country do children have to wear school uniform? Did you wear a school uniform? Do you think wearing uniforms is a good idea?
            
                70 What would you do or feel if you were refused entry to somewhere because of what you are wearing?
            
                71 Do you think dress codes should be adhered to if requested on an invitation?
            
                72 What would you wear to meet royalty or the President of your country?
            
                73 Would you go to a fancy dress party? Why or why not?
            
                74 How much do you spend getting ready to go to school? Work? Out with friends? To a party? Do the times vary much?
            
                75 What traditional clothes do people from your country wear?
            
                76 When do you wear them?
            
                77 Are they comfortable?
            
                78 Do you think there's a difference between" fashion " and "style" ?
            
                79 How much money do you usually spend?
            
                80 What do you like to shop for the most?
            
                81 Where is your favorite shopping centre?
            
                82 What is your favorite brand?
            
                83 Are you a shopaholic?
            
                84 Do you go to many shops before buying one particular item or do you just buy the first one you find?
            
                85 Do you spend a lot of money on clothes your clothes?
            
                86 Which type of clothes do you "collect"?
            
                87 remove me
            
                88 Have you ever felt uncomfortable with what you wear?
            
                89 Did your parents ever make you wear something you didn't like?
            
                90 Do you like to go shopping during the sales?
