
            
                1 What is the name of your college or university?
            
                2 How many students go to your college?
            
                3 Is your college coed?
            
                4 How many subject are you taking this semester?
            
                5 Who is your favorite teacher?
            
                6 How did you decide which college to attend?
            
                7 What is your typical day at college like?
            
                8 What are three big differences between your college life so far and your high school days?
            
                9 What is your major? Why did you choose your major? Do you have any regrets?
            
                10 What is the most difficult class you have taken so far?
            
                11 Have you ever pulled an all nighter? What was the situation?
            
                12 Have you participated in a college festival?  Talk about your experience. Do you think this style of festival is held in Western countries? Why or why not?
            
                13 Are you a member of any student groups? Which ones? What do you do? Are you satisfied with what's happening with your group(s)?
            
                14 Are there some professors that you can learn from more easily than others? What are the qualities that make you want to study for a certain professor?
            
                15 What are the top three changes you would like to see happen at your university?
            
                16 What do you think of student government? Are you now or have you ever been part of it?  Do you think it's worthwhile? Does participation in student government bring any benefits to the participants? What?
            
                17 What are the top three things you hope to get out of (get as a result of) your university days?
            
                18 In the West, one of the most valued parts of college life is independence. Are you more independent from your parents now than you were in high school? Name some things you can do now that you weren't allowed to do in high school. Are you as independent now as you would like to be?
            
                19 Talk about relations between upperclassmen and freshmen. What kinds of things do freshmen have to do for "initiation?"  What other things do upperclassmen do to freshmen?  Were you a victim of "hazing" by upperclassmen? Talk about it.
            
                20 What's the most difficult class you have taken so far?
            
                21 Are you a member of any student groups (circles or club)? Which ones? Are you satisfied with what's happening with your group(s)?
            
                22 Are there some professors that you can learn from more easily than others? What are the qualities that make you want to study for a certain professor? Perhaps is it just a matter of class rules and homework demanded?
            
                23 What do you think of student government?  Are you now or have you ever been part of it?  Do you think it's worthwhile?  Does student government do anything important?  Does participation in student government bring any benefits to the participants? What?
            
                24 What is your fondest memory of your college experience?
            
                25 What is your worst memory of your college experience?
            
                26 Were there any subjects that you just couldn't seem to master?
            
                27 Were you a good student or did you slack off and procrastinate?
            
                28 Did you have any college romances?
            
                29 What was the hardest thing about going to college?
            
                30 If you could have done something different with your college life, what would you have done differently?
            
                31 Where did you get the money to attend college?
            
                32 Do you feel it is necessary for young people to attend college these days?  What happens to people who just stop after high school or even quit high school?
            
                33 Do you wish your college had a better sports program?
