
            
                1 What kinds of corruption are there?
            
                2 Has corruption affected your life?
            
                3 Why do you think people are corrupt.
            
                4 Can corruption be a good thing?
            
                5 How do you reduce corruption?
            
                6 Which countries have a lot of corruption?
            
                7 What can you do about corruption in your country?
            
                8 How do you remove corrupt workers from their jobs?
            
                9 What is the largest bribe you have paid?
            
                10 Can corruption be a good thing in some societies?
            
                11 What would you do if your boss tells you that at Christmas it is usual to receive small presents from local companies?
            
                12 Would you accept a free ticket for a football match, a free drink by virtue of your position?
            
                13 What would you do if you receive a complaint from a citizen of an attempted bribery from a police officer?
            
                14 Do you think corrupt police officers are natural-born criminals?
            
                15 Do you know a corruption case?
            
                16 Do you think discipline is fair within the police?
            
                17 How are you going to prevent corruption and misconduct in the group that you command ?
            
                18 Is corruption within the police a result of low pay?
            
                19 Have you ever heard of a drug-related corruption case?
            
                20 Do you think police unions play a good role in the prevention of corruption?
            
                21 Is corruption ever justifiable?
            
                22 Have you ever received a bribe?
            
                23 Have you ever bribed someone?
            
                24 Do you know someone who has been bribed?
            
                25 Is bribery a big problem in the country where you live?
            
                26 Will you accept a dinner invitation from an important businessman of your city? (He has good connections in the council and you nephew is unemployed.)
            
                27 Would you revert to bribery if your life was at stake? If your child's or one of your family members' life was threatened?
