
            
                1 What are some things that define a culture? For example, music, language, ...
            
                2 What do you think is interesting about your culture?
            
                3 Do you know much about your own culture?
            
                4 When people from other countries think about your culture, what do they usually think of?
            
                5 In your culture is it polite to be straightforward and direct when you talk to someone?To whom is it OK and to whom is it not OK?
            
                6 What has surprised you when you've met people from other countries?
            
                7 Have you looked at Internet pages from a different culture? If so, how were they different from those of your own culture?
            
                8 What do you like about your culture?
            
                9 What don't you like about your culture?
            
                10 How do young people in your culture behave differently from older people?
            
                11 How do young people in your culture behave differently from people in this culture?
            
                12 Are there many people of different cultures in your country? Are you friends with any?
            
                13 Have you ever felt confused by the actions of someone from another culture?If so, tell me about it.
            
                14 How are your language teachers who are not from your country different from your other teachers?How are they the same?
            
                15 Who in your culture do you admire most?
            
                16 What your culture are you most proud about?
            
                17 Why do you think culture is important?
            
                18 If you could change one thing about your culture, what would it be?
            
                19 Would you ever consider marrying or dating someone from another culture?
            
                20 Would you ever consider living permanently in a country other than your home country? Why or why not?
            
                21 What does it mean to be polite in your culture?
            
                22 What is considered rude in your culture?Is there anything in this culture that is considered rude that may not be considered rude in your culture?
            
                23 If a group of people just came to your country from overseas, what advice would you give them?
            
                24 What other cultures have you met people from?
            
                25 What do you think is important when visiting another culture?
            
                26 Do you think "when in Rome, do as the Romans do" is always good advice? Why or why not?
            
                27 Have you ever been in a situation where you felt you had to "do as the Romans do"?
            
                28 What culture besides your own do you admire and why?
            
                29 If aliens visited your country, what might surprise them?
            
                30 Do you pray before each meal?
            
                31 How do you feel when you leave your home culture and enter into a completely new culture?
            
                32 What is the best/most important thing your culture has given to the world?
            
                33 What is the best/most important thing your culture/country has adopted from another culture?
            
                34 If you could choose three aspects of your culture to put in a "time box" for the future, what would you put in it?
            
                35 What is culture shock?
            
                36 Have you ever experienced culture shock?
            
                37 What is reverse, or re-entry, culture shock?
            
                38 Have you ever experienced reverse culture shock?
            
                39 On what occasions do you exchange flowers in your country?
            
                40 What are some things that define a culture? For example, music, language, ...
            
                41 Do you know much about your own culture?
            
                42 What do you think is interesting about your own culture?
            
                43 What do you like most about your own culture?
            
                44 What do you like least about your culture?
            
                45 What does it mean to be polite in your culture?
            
                46 What is considered rude in your culture? Is there anything in Canadian culture that is considered rude in your culture?
            
                47 In your culture is it polite to be straightforward and direct when you talk to someone? To whom is it OK and to whom is it not OK?
            
                48 What has surprised you when you've met people from other countries?
            
                49 How do young people in your culture behave differently from older people?
            
                50 How do young people in your culture behave differently from people in Canada?
            
                51 Are there people of different cultures in your country? Are you friends with any of them?
            
                52 What other cultures have you met people from?
            
                53 Have you ever felt confused by the actions of someone from another culture? If so, tell me about it.
            
                54 How are your language teachers different from your teachers in your culture? How are they the same?
            
                55 What are the five most important values of your culture? (For example, Family)
            
                56 What in your culture are you most proud about?
            
                57 If you could change one thing about your culture, what would it be?
            
                58 Would you ever consider marrying or dating someone from another culture?
            
                59 Would you ever consider living permanently in a country other than your home country? Why or why not?
            
                60 Do you think "when in Rome, do as the Romans do" is always good advice? Why or why not? Have you ever been in a situation where you felt you had to "do as the Romans do"?
            
                61 What do you think is important when visiting another culture?
            
                62 If a group of people just came to your country from overseas, what advice would you give them?
            
                63 What culture besides your own do you admire? Why?
            
                64 If aliens visited your country, what might surprise them?
            
                65 What is the best/most important thing your culture has given to the world?
            
                66 What is the best/most important thing your culture/country has adopted from another culture?
            
                67 What are some things that define a culture? For example, music, language, ...
            
                68 What customs do you practice?
            
                69 What are your favorite customs?
            
                70 What customs do you think should be revised?
            
                71 What customs do you think should no longer be practice?
            
                72 What customs (from elsewhere) do you think should be included in our culture?
