
            
                1 Have you been in the midst of danger before?
            
                2 What do you do when you feel someone might be following you?
            
                3 If you are in danger, what should you do?
            
                4 If your life was in danger, who would you call and why?
            
                5 Can you explain the 'fight or flight' complex?
            
                6 What makes you suspicious of someone?
            
                7 What makes you suspicious of a place?
            
                8 Have you tried doing anything dangerous that could risk your life?
            
                9 Why are there still people who love to do dangerous sports?
            
                10 Why are there people who still live in a dangerous society?
            
                11 Have you caused any danger to other people before?
            
                12 What was the most dangerous thing that you have done?
            
                13 Why are the rich facing a lot more danger than the poor or average people?
            
                14 What time is the most dangerous time to go out?
            
                15 Do you think there are dangers in your house?
            
                16 What do you do when you see someone in danger?
            
                17 What do you do when you see the back label of a product with a danger sign on it?
            
                18 What do you do when you feel that something might happen to you?
            
                19 Is there an emergency number you can call when you are in danger?
            
                20 Can we stay away from danger?
            
                21 Are you a person that worries about nothing or everything? Give an example of something that you worry (or don't worry) about.
            
                22 What dangers exist when you drive? When you fly? When you take a train?
            
                23 What dangers exist for babies? For children? For university students? For the elderly?
            
                24 When can a government be a danger to its own people?
            
                25 What kinds of people in your community have occupations related to danger?
            
                26 What country do you consider the most dangerous in the world and why?
            
                27 Which city in your country do you consider the most dangerous and why?
            
                28 Do you think that media (TV, movies, music) can be dangerous? Why?
            
                29 Have you been in a midst of danger before?
            
                30 Has your put your life been put in danger before for a stranger?
            
                31 Has your life been put in danger before for a stranger?
