
            
                1 Describe a perfect date.
            
                2 Describe the appearance of the person you would like to date?
            
                3 Describe the character of the person you would like to date?
            
                4 Do you "go Dutch" when dating?
            
                5 Do you know what it means to 'go Dutch'?
            
                6 Is it usual for people in your country to 'go Dutch' if you go out together?
            
                7 Do you know what a 'blind date' is?
            
                8 Have you ever been on a blind date?
            
                9 Did you ever arrange a blind date?
            
                10 Do you drive or take the train when dating?
            
                11 Do you think fairy tales influence our choice of a partner?
            
                12 Have you ever had a crush on someone?
            
                13 Have you ever hated loving someone?
            
                14 Have your parents ever disapproved of any of your relationships?
            
                15 How often would you like to go out on dates?
            
                16 How old were you when you had your first boyfriend or girlfriend?
            
                17 Is going out on dates important for you?
            
                18 Is there a such thing as a perfect relationship for you?
            
                19 If you could go out with anyone, who would it be?
            
                20 If you are a man, and a woman asks you for a date, do you feel you should pay, or that the woman should pay?
            
                21 What are some popular places to go on a date?
            
                22 What characteristics do you look for in a girlfriend or boyfriend?
            
                23 What do you consider cheating in a dating relationship?
            
                24 What do you like to talk about when on a date?
            
                25 What do you look for in a girlfriend or a boyfriend?
            
                26 What do you think most people talk about when dating?
            
                27 What kind of clothes do you wear on a date?
            
                28 What qualities are important to you in a boyfriend or girlfriend?
            
                29 What was the most boring date you've ever been on?
            
                30 What was the most interesting date you've ever been on?
            
                31 What would you consider "the perfect date" for you?
            
                32 Where is a good pace to go on a date in this town?
            
                33 Where would you like to go on a date?
            
                34 Would you mind if your boyfriend/girlfriend went out to party without you?
            
                35 Would you prefer to go out with a quiet or a talkative person?
            
                36 Does your first love still hold a special place in your heart? Do you believe that he or she will always have a special place in your heart?
            
                37 What is your definition of love?
            
                38 What do you think about dating a friend's ex-girlfriend or ex-boyfriend?
            
                39 Can you control your partner by playing games?
            
                40 When should you introduce your boyfriend/girlfriend to your parents? (when you begin dating, after you have been together for a while, only when the relationship is serious) Why?
            
                41 Do you like to have boy friend or girl friend in your school or in your classes?
            
                42 Do you think it is right to continue seeing a person if he has not introduced you to his family yet?
            
                43 How long does it take for dating to become a relationship?
            
                44 Is it important to be punctual in your first date? Why?
            
                45 Would you dress up for a first date? What clothes would you wear?
            
                46 What kind of place do you think is the ideal for a first date? Why do you think so?
            
                47 Do you think that age difference is important when dating?
            
                48 Would you date someone much older or younger than you? Why or why not?
            
                49 Would your parents have a problem if you married someone much older or younger than you? Would it make a difference if that person were rich?
            
                50 Do you like to flirt? If so, what do you usually do? Where? With whom? Why?
            
                51 Do you ever set your friends up on blind dates? If so, have you had much success?
            
                52 Do you think blind dates are a good way to meet someone special? Why or why not?
            
                53 What is an intimate relationship for you?
            
                54 How do you know you are in a relationship?
            
                55 Do you have any expectations for your partner?
            
                56 What is a perfect date for you?
            
                57 Do younger girls/boys have a problem dating older girls/boys?
            
                58 Do you think some people know that they will fall in love with someone the first time they meet?
            
                59 Where did you meet your him/her?
            
                60 What does he/she look like?
            
                61 How old were you when you went on your first date? Where did you go?What did you do? Who did you go with?
            
                62 What kind of boy/girl do you like?
            
                63 Do you think there is any age when a person is too old to date?
            
                64  Does your first love still hold a special place in your heart?Are you still in contact?Would you like to see your first love again? Do you believe that he or she will always have a special place in your heart?How about if they went to prison?
            
                65 Have you heard of any successful "love potions?"
            
                66 Have you ever returned a gift to your boyfriend or girlfriend and later find out that he has given it to his/her new mate?
            
                67  When should you introduce your boyfriend/girlfriend to your parents?When you begin dating. After you have been together for a while. Only when the relationship is serious? Why?
            
                68  What kind of place do you think is the ideal for a first date? Why do you think so?
            
                69  Do you think that age difference is important when dating?
            
                70 Do you consider withholding information from your significant other lying?
            
                71 Should you sleep with your friends?
            
                72 Do you like to have boyfriend or girlfriend in your school or in your classes?
            
                73 What do you think about internet dating?
            
                74 Do you know anybody who does internet dating?
            
                75 Have you ever met the man/woman of your dreams when you were on vacation?
