
            
                1 What causes death?
            
                2 Are "Living Wills" available where you live?
            
                3 Are there special rites or ceremonies performed when a person dies?
            
                4 Are you afraid of death?
            
                5 Do you believe in life after death?
            
                6 Do you often think of death?
            
                7 Do you think that there is anything worth dying for?
            
                8 Do you want to know the date of your death? Why or why not?
            
                9 How do you cope with the death of someone special?
            
                10 Is organ donation or transplants an option where you live?
            
                11 Is physician assisted suicide an option in your country?
            
                12 Would you consider physician assisted suicide if you were suffering a painful dying experience?
            
                13 Is the death of a loved one considered a joyful or a sorrowful occasion?
            
                14 Is there any person you would die for in order to save? Who is it?
            
                15 What are some ways which you can help a family which has just experienced the death of a family member.
            
                16 What should you say to someone who has lost a loved one?
            
                17 What are your beliefs pertaining to a person's soul once they have died?
            
                18 What do you think of suicide?
            
                19 What do you think would happen if there were no death for human beings?  What do you think would happen if people never died?
            
                20 What happens to a person's remains after death? Cremation? Burial? Etc.
            
                21 What is the mourning process? What is the mourning process?
            
                22 Where do we go when we die?
            
                23 Would you want your cremated remains to be part of a fireworks show?
            
                24 Who do you think would mourn for you after your death?
            
                25 remove me
            
                26 If you could choose how you were going to die, what would you choose your death to be?
            
                27 What do you think of cryogenics?Would you like to have your body frozen, so that you could be thawed out and brought back to life sometime in the future?Do you think it will ever be possible?
            
                28 If you had the option of freezing your body in hopes that science would some day be able to bring you back to life, would you do it?
            
                29 Why are so many people afraid of death, when it is unavoidable?
            
                30 What would happen if you died?
            
                31 On account of your beliefs or some other reason, do you look forward to dying?
            
                32 Have you ever had to put a pet to sleep?
            
                33 Do you believe that you will be born again?
            
                34 Why is facing death a difficult experience?
            
                35 How does a person cope with death of a friend or loved one?
            
                36 What are some reactions to death of a friend?
            
                37 How do your national customs surrounding death reflect the values of your country?
            
                38 What should you say or not say to a friend who is facing death? What should you say or not say to a friend who has lost a friend?
            
                39 What are funerals like in your country?  What are some funeral customs in your country?
            
                40 What is the suicide hotline in your community?
            
                41 Is there a suicide hotline in the area where you live?
            
                42 Do you know someone who has died from a traffic accident?
            
                43 Do you know someone who has died from a from disease? What was your reaction?How did you feel?
            
                44 What sights, smells, sounds did you notice when you visited the hospital? How did you feel about your visit?
            
                45 How can you help someone who is dying?
            
                46 How do you tell someone that someone they know has died?
            
                47 What are some useful euphemisms for telling someone that someone they know has died? What are some other words for death? An example is "passed away".
            
                48 Do you believe in God?
            
                49 Do you think people should be cremated or buried?
            
                50 Has anyone close to you ever passed away?
            
                51 What is grief?
            
                52 Do you think the grieving process is different for different ages?
            
                53 Have you known someone who had an extended sickness before death?
            
                54 Have you ever lost someone close to you?
            
                55 Have known anyone who has committed suicide? What would be your reaction? What would you say to that person's friends?
            
                56 Do you have hospice services in your country?
            
                57 How quickly is someone buried or cremated after death?
            
                58 What expenses are involved in burying or cremating someone?
            
                59 Are coffins displayed on the street entrance to funeral parlors in your country?
            
                60 Is it appropriate for funeral directors to advertise their services?How can this be done?
            
                61 If you were given the chance to have someone die with you, who would that person be?How would you want to die?
            
                62 Have you ever thought you'd like to die?
            
                63 How does it feel when your loved one dies and you were unable to see them for the last time?
            
                64 Have you ever been to a funeral where a family member of the deceased sung a song, read a letter or read a poem?Have you ever done something like that at someone's funeral?
            
                65 Would you want to know if you were dying and if so, would you want to know how long you had to live?Would you want to know the exact day of your death?
            
                66 If there were five of your friends drowning, which one would you save first?
            
                67 If you are married or have a life partner would you expect them to move on after you die. If so how long should they wait?
            
                68 Do you have hospice services in your country?
            
                69 Do you know anyone who died for a few seconds or minutes but came to life again?What do you think about the stories these people tell?
            
                70 Who has died that you know?
            
                71 Have you had a pet die?
            
                72 What is the worst way of dying?
            
                73 What is the ideal way to die?
            
                74 Do you believe in out-of-body experiences?
            
                75 Are you afraid of losing one of your relatives all of a sudden?
            
                76 Would you like it if someone sung you a song or read a poem about you, or a letter to you, at your funeral?
            
                77 What kind of funeral arrangements would you make for yourself if you knew you were dying?
            
                78 How long do you expect you spouse or life partner to wait before they move on after your death?
            
                79 Do you have a bucket list?
