
            
                1 Do you know someone who has done any volunteer work? What was it? Did he or she enjoy it?
            
                2 How can you help after a natural disaster?
            
                3 If you could volunteer to help after a natural disaster, what could you do?
            
                4 Have you ever volunteered to help in a disaster?What did you do? Did you enjoy it?
            
                5 Do you think the Internet can be helpful in a disaster?
            
                6 Have you ever given money to a charity?
            
                7 How do you decide what charity to give to?
            
                8 Are you willing to donate money to help victims of a natural disaster in your country? How much?
            
                9 Are you willing to donate money to help victims of a natural disaster in other countries? How much?
            
                10 What is a disaster?
            
                11 Have you ever been in a disaster?
            
                12 What are some different kinds of disasters?
            
                13 What kind of disasters are common in your country?
            
                14 What is the difference between a typhoon and a hurricane?
            
                15 What is the difference between a tornado and a hurricane?
            
                16 What is disaster insurance? Do most people have it?
            
                17 Are there ways we can prepare ourselves in advance to cope with disasters?
            
                18 What is PTSD?
            
                19 How are businesses affected by disasters?
            
                20 How are families affected by disasters?
            
                21 How are the problems solved after a disaster?
            
                22 If you had the power to stop a natural disaster that has happened in the past, which would you choose? Why?
            
                23 What is the difference between natural disasters and manmade disasters? Can you name a few of each type? Where do these usually often occur?
            
                24 Do some natural disasters occur repeatedly in the same area? Do many people live in these areas?
            
                25 What are examples of manmade disasters?
            
                26 What kind of damage can occur in each case?
            
                27 Have you ever been in a natural disaster?
            
                28 Do you know anyone who has been in a natural disaster?
            
                29 Can you find someone in the class who has been in a natural disaster?
            
                30 Are you prepared for a disaster?
            
                31 What can you do to prepare for a disaster?
            
                32 Do you know someone who has been in a disaster?
            
                33 How do you think you would react in a disaster?
            
                34 How can we help children who are victims of disasters?
            
                35 Does your family have a plan for what to do in the event of an earthquake?
            
                36 Have you ever been injured?
            
                37 Have you ever had a broken leg?
            
                38 Can you find the story of anyone who lived through a disaster?
            
                39 What would you do if you knew there would soon be a serious natural disaster and this could be your last day on earth?
