
            
                1 What do you do to encourage yourself when going through hard times? Does it work?
            
                2 Who do you talk to for encouragement and inspiration?
            
                3 What books offer encouragement and inspiration?
            
                4 Which of your family members encourage you most? How?
            
                5 How can discouragement help us to grow?
            
                6 What do you do when you feel depressed?
            
                7 What could someone do to encourage you when you feel depressed?
            
                8 What are some saying in your country that bring encouragement?
            
                9 What's the most encouraging book you've ever read?
            
                10 Which is better a word of encouragement or a letter of encouragement? Why?
            
                11 Is time a weapon to fight discouragement with? Why? How?
            
                12 How can you motivate others our yourself to have hope when there seems like there's no hope?
            
                13 Should people just accept whatever comes there way?
            
                14 What are some ways you feel you can make a difference in this world.
            
                15 How can you make this world a better place?
            
                16 How would you encourage a homeless bun who had no friends or relatives?
            
                17 If you suddenly became handicapped, how would you encourage yourself and others?
            
                18 What song encourages you most?
            
                19 Who's music encourages you most?
            
                20 What television show encourages you most?
            
                21 What person has inspired you the most? How?
            
                22 What celebrity has inspired you most? How
            
                23 What's your favorite encouraging saying?
            
                24 Do you encourage others when you see them crying? How?
            
                25 What would you want someone to do for you if you were crying publicly because you were deeply hurt inside?
            
                26 How can you fight discouraging thoughts about yourself?
            
                27 When should you see a counselor or psychologist?
            
                28 Can church, temples, mosque or other religious places help bring someone encouragement or inspiration?
            
                29 What religious books do people turn to for encouragement and inspiration.
            
                30 How can you make yourself believe more in yourself.
