
            
                1 Do you think English is a difficult language to learn?
            
                2 Have you ever spoken English on the phone?
            
                3 How often do you practice your English?
            
                4 What is your favorite way to practice your English? (UK spelling = favorite)
            
                5 What is the most difficult thing about English?
            
                6 Why are you learning English?
            
                7 What do you think you will be able to do in English in the future?
            
                8 Do you think that English will completely dominate all the other languages in the future? If yes, how will it affect the world?
            
                9 How much time do you spend looking out of the window during class?
            
                10 If you are really absorbed in lessons, do the classroom arrangement matter?
            
                11 How do you use the Internet to learn English?
            
                12 What search engine do you use most often when you study? Why?
            
                13 Do you think English is a difficult language to
            
                14 learn?
            
                15 What is your favorite way to practice your English?
            
                16 What do you think you will be able to do in English
            
                17 in the future?
            
                18 How can English language help you advance in your career?
            
                19 Which country is the best place to study English?
            
                20 Are you willing to get a tutor just to further learn English?
            
                21 What is the best way to teach vocabulary at the upper intermediate level EFL?
            
                22 What kind of dormitory room would you like to stay in?
            
                23 In your own teaching environment what forms of pronunciation of English are learners likely to encounter?
            
                24 How can I listen to conversations and improve my pronunciation?
            
                25 What do you like about your classroom?
            
                26 Who cooks Thanksgiving dinner in your home?
            
                27 How do you cook the turkey?
            
                28 When do you eat?
            
                29 Why do you think people celebrate Thanksgiving Day?
