
            
                1 Are there litter laws where you live? If so, what is the penalty for littering?
            
                2 Do you think cars should be banned from city centers?
            
                3 Do you think people should recycle newspapers? Why or why not?
            
                4 Do you think there are lessons to learn from nature?
            
                5 How has the world changed since you were a child? (technology, values, environment, health)
            
                6 How often is garbage collected in your neighborhood?
            
                7 If humans are really intelligent and not simply manipulated by their genes like any other animal, why can't they do anything about overpopulation?
            
                8 What are some things that can be recycled?
            
                9 What are some things that your community is doing to help the?
            
                10 What are some things which you recycle?
            
                11 What are some types of pollution?
            
                12 What are some ways that you can reduce pollution in this country?
            
                13 What can you do to help prevent pollution?
            
                14 What can you do to make this world a better place?
            
                15 What do you think of people who smoke cigarettes indoors?
            
                16 Which is more important, increasing people's standard of living, or protecting the environment?Think of a situation in your area involving this issue.Which side would you choose?
            
                17 Who do you think is more responsible for pollution, individual people or the government? Explain.
            
                18 What is the most important issue facing the environment today?
            
                19 Do you know about any anti-pollution programs in your community?What about programs in your native country?
            
                20 Do you usually drink bottled water? Why or Why not?
            
                21 If you could choose one alternative energy source to develop which one would you choose? Why?
            
                22 Are companies more or less environmentally responsible now than they were in the past? Why do you think that is?
            
                23 Do you think recycling is an important community service?Do you recycle?
            
                24 Who should pay for the costs associated with renewable energy?
            
                25 Should we make the development of renewable energy sources an economic priority?
            
                26 What are some ways energy is wasted?
            
                27 What types of energy are popular in your native country?
            
                28 What is the main problem with renewable energy sources?
            
                29 What can large cities do to improve their air quality?
            
                30 How can we protect the environment and at the same time improve people's standard of living?
            
                31 Do you think overpopulation is an important environmental issue? Why or why not?
            
                32 Should an environmental levy be imposed on SUVs not used in the farming community?How would this help the environment?
            
                33 Should gas for motorists be more expensive?What would be the advantages and disadvantages of this?
            
                34 Do think global warming is real?  Do you think this is an effect of pollution?
            
                35 Are worried about global warming?
            
                36 If you live on an island or on the coast does this increase the danger from global warming? Why?
            
                37 What's happening to forests in the world?
            
                38 What happens when we remove forests?
            
                39 What can we do to protect forests?
            
                40 Why should we recycle?
            
                41 Does your local government make it easy or hard for citizens to recycle?
            
                42 How is pollution effecting the environment of the United States today?How about your own country?
            
                43 Does your country have a smoking ban law in place?
            
                44 What are the benefits/ disadvantages of a smoking ban?
            
                45 How do individual decisions about number of children affect overall population numbers?
            
                46 What is global warming?
            
                47 Do you think nuclear power safe? Who should be allowed it and why? Who should police it?
            
                48 In what ways can we save more water? Please tell your experiences.
            
                49 What should we do to increase the awareness about environmental pollution?
            
                50 Do you have any ideas on how to minimize the use of plastic bags and Styrofoam boxes?
            
                51 Does your local government make it easy or hard for citizens to recycle?
