
            
                1 Do you have a film industry in your country? What is your general impression of it?
            
                2 If you do not have a film industry in your country, where are most of the movies that you watch made?
            
                3 Do any other countries make films in your language? If so, name them.
            
                4 Which country is the main producer of movies in your language?
            
                5 Are you aware of the location of any major film festivals for films in your language?
            
                6 Is there an independent film industry producing movies in your language? If you know about it, please describe it.
            
                7 What are the names of some of the most famous directors of movies in your language? What films have they made?
            
                8 Who are some of the most famous male actors in movies in your language? Can you name at least three? Do you like them? What are they famous for? What kinds of people like them? Does anyone not care for them?
            
                9 Who are some of the most famous female actors, or actresses, in films in your language? Can you name at least three? Do you like them? What are they famous for? What kinds of people like them? Does anyone dislike them?
            
                10 Please name some of the best films made in your language. Describe their plots and tell why you liked them.
            
                11 Has the film industry that makes films in your language produced films that became popular around the world? If so, name some.
            
                12 Are animated films being originally produced in your language? Do you like them? Describe some of them. Have they become popular outside your country or culture?
            
                13 Are romantic films produced in your language? How do they differ from romantic movies made in Hollywood?
            
                14 Describe some comedy films made in your language. How are they different from Hollywood comedies?
            
                15 Are horror films produced in your language? How do they differ from scary movies made in Hollywood?
            
                16 What about action films? Are they different in some ways from Hollywood films?
            
                17 Do films made in your language have the same kinds of special effects as Hollywood films?
            
                18 Are there good documentaries made in your language? If so, describe some topics they deal with.
            
                19 What positive effects do foreign films have on the people and culture of your country?
            
                20 What possible negative effects do foreign films have on the people and culture of your country? For example, do you feel that what is shown in foreign films conflicts with or distorts the values of your own culture? For example, do people in your country get the wrong kind of information from foreign films?
            
                21 In an ideal world, what would you like to see the future be of the film industry in your language?
            
                22 What kinds of films would you like your children to watch when they are young? When they are teenagers? When they become adults?
            
                23 Are movies originally produced in your language the most popular films in your country, or are films with subtitles or dubbing from studios in other countries, for example, from Hollywood in the United States, more popular in your country than those made in your language?
            
                24 Douglas Beall
