
            
                1 Are there any famous stories of friendship in your culture?
            
                2 Can you describe one of your closest friends.
            
                3 Do you have any childhood friendships that are still strong today? Tell us about them.
            
                4 Do you have any long distance friends?How do you keep in touch with your long-distance friends?How often do you see your long-distance friends?
            
                5 Do you think it is a good idea to borrow money from a friend? Why or why not?
            
                6 Do you make friends easily?
            
                7 Has a friend ever let you down?
            
                8 Have you made any friends over the Internet?How often do you write to them?Have you ever met them in person?
            
                9 How are your friendships different now than they were when you were a child?
            
                10 How do you maintain a good friendship?
            
                11 How do you make new friends?
            
                12 How many people do you consider your "best friends?"
            
                13 Is it common to have friendships across generations?What are the advantages and disadvantages of these types of friendships.Do you have any friends from a different generation than you?
            
                14 There is a saying "To have a good friend, you need to be a good friend."How can you be a good friend?
            
                15 What do you usually do with your friends?
            
                16 What factors may result in the breakdown of a good friendship?
            
                17 What is a best friend?
            
                18 What is the longest friendship that you have had?
            
                19 What makes friends different from family?
            
                20 What qualities do you think are important in a friend?What is a friend?
            
                21 What things should friends never do?
            
                22 Why do you like your best friend?What are some things you like about your best friend?
            
                23 Where is a good place to meet new friends?Where is a good place to meet a new boyfriend/girlfriend?
            
                24 Do you think it is possible to have a best friend of the opposite sex without becoming a girlfriend or boyfriend?
            
                25 Do you think it would be possible for you still be friends with an ex-boyfriend or ex-girlfriend?
            
                26 There is a proverb that says, "A friend in need is a friend indeed." Do you agree?
            
                27 Do you believe that there is an end to any true friendships?
            
                28 Do you believe your parents should be your friends?
            
                29 What do you do if you receive a friend's call but you forgot his/her name?
            
                30 Friendship is the most important relationship. Do you agree? Why? Why not?
            
                31 What do you like best about your best friend(s)?
            
                32 What are some ways your best friend has influenced your life in a positive way?
            
                33 How close do you get to your friends?
            
                34 Why do you need a friend?
            
                35 What do you do when you have a misunderstanding with your friend?
            
                36 Do you trust all of your friends? Why?
            
                37 What is the best time for making new friends?
            
                38 What was your best friendship? Are you still friends with him or her?What life lessons did you learn from this relationship?
            
                39 What qualities do you appreciate in your friends? What makes someone special or best friend?
            
                40 Why are friendships important for you? Do you still maintain friendships from the past?
            
                41 How long have you known your best friend? Where did you meet and what did you have in common?
            
                42 What are some good opportunities to meet new people?
            
                43 How can you get to better know a person?
            
                44 What is the relationship between love and friendship?
            
                45 Who is the most interesting person you have ever met?
            
                46 Do you think famous people are happier than ordinary people? Why?
            
                47 What type of people do you get along with best?
            
                48 What quality do you admire most in people and which one do you find the most objectionable?
            
                49 What behavior of others hurts you most? When you have upset someone by your actions, what do you try to do?
            
                50 What do you consider to be your good and bad qualities?
            
                51 What qualities help you to have good relationships with others?
            
                52 What traits or actions make an interpersonal conflict worse?
            
                53 Are relationships among people better or worse than a few years ago? Why? Give some examples.
            
                54 Do you think that dysfunctional family life contributes to worsening relationships in society?
            
                55 Is getting along with others a natural ability from birth or does it have to be learnt?
            
                56 How important is forgiveness in human relationships?
            
                57 What are friends for?
            
                58 Can you be friends with your student if you are a teacher?
            
                59 To what extent can you be friends with your child?
            
                60 What was your best friendship? Are you still friends with him or her? What life lessons did you learn from this relationship?
            
                61 Do you tell your best friend everything?
            
                62 Do you have a close group of friends?
            
                63 What do you usually do together
            
                64 Is it easy for you to make friends?
            
                65 Talk about friends you've made in this country.
            
                66 Are you good friends with your family members?
            
                67 Do you fight with your friends?
            
                68 How often do you talk with your friends?
            
                69 What is the difference between friendship and 'kinship' (blood relatives)?
            
                70 Do you have different groups of friends who never meet one another?
            
                71  *Are you a different 'self' with each group?
            
                72  * Do you think these groups would get along if you
            
                73  introduced them to one another?
            
                74  * Would you want these friends to mix,or do you get
            
                75  something different from each set of relationships?
            
                76 There is a saying that "to lose a friend you need to start sharing a flat with him/her". Do you agree? Why/Why not?
            
                77 What would you do if your best friend, that never betrayed you and you thought your relationship to be brother/sister asked you out on a date?
            
                78 Do you think you can find eternal friendships through the internet?
            
                79 What is your best friend like?
