
            
                1 Do you like to eat fruits? What's your favorite one?
            
                2 How often do you eat fresh fruit?
            
                3 In your opinion, what's the most delicious fruit?
            
                4 Do you like vegetables? What's your favorite one?
            
                5 Do you think that fruits and vegetables are good for your health? Why or why not?
            
                6 Are you or would you like to be vegetarian?
            
                7 How often do you drink fruit juice? What kind of fruit juice do you drink?
            
                8 Do you like to eat fruit salad?
            
                9 What kind of vegetables and fruits do you buy at the supermarket?
            
                10 What the means the saying: "An apple a day keeps the doctor away?"
            
                11 What are the most common fruits and vegetables in your country?
            
                12 Can fruits and vegetables help you cure diseases?
            
                13 Can fruits and vegetables help you lose weight if you are on a diet?
            
                14 Do you cultivate fruits or vegetables in your garden?
            
                15 Do you like to use things that have a fruit smell? ( E.g: Perfumes, erasers, etc)
            
                16 What's the most delicious fruit in your opinion?
            
                17 Do you think that fruits and vegetables are good for your health? Why (not)?
            
                18 Are you / would you like to be vegetarian?
            
                19 How many vegetables and fruits do you buy at the supermarket?
            
                20 What is the meaning of the saying: "An apple a day keeps the doctor away?"
            
                21 What are the most common fruits and vegetables in your country?
            
                22 Do you like to use things that have fruit smell? ( E.g: Perfumes, erasers, etc)
