
            
                1 Do you see yourself as a typical man or woman? Why or why not?
            
                2 In your country are the responsibilities of a mother the same as the responsibilities of a father to their families?
            
                3 What are the responsibilities of a father to his family?
            
                4 What are the responsibilities of a mother to her family?
            
                5 Are fathers capable of carrying out the duties of a mother and vice versa?
            
                6 Are there different expectations for sons and daughters?
            
                7 What habits are deemed as appropriate for men but inappropriate for women?
            
                8 What behaviors are deemed as appropriate for men but inappropriate for women?
            
                9 What jobs are deemed as appropriate for men but inappropriate for women?
            
                10 Are more doctors female or male in your country?
            
                11 Are more nurses female or male in your country?
            
                12 Are more professional musicians female or male in your country?
            
                13 Are more teachers female or male in your country?
            
                14 Are more truck drivers female or male in your country?
            
                15 Are men and women equal in ability and intelligence?
            
                16 What things can either men or women do that the other cannot do and why?
            
                17 What type of clothing do men wear?
            
                18 What type of clothing do women wear?
            
                19 Can men wear women's clothing or can women wear men's clothing? Why or why not?
            
                20 Can men wear pink clothes?
            
                21 Is it OK for men to cry?
            
                22 Is it OK for women to cry?
            
                23 What do people think of men or women crying?
            
                24 What would people think of a man who backs down from a fight?
            
                25 What would people think of two women involved in a fist fight?
            
                26 Is it OK for men to appear sad?
            
                27 Is it OK for women to appear angry?
            
                28 Is it common for women and men to take part in sporting activities? Do they take part in the same type of sporting activities?
            
                29 In you home, who does the cooking, cleaning and household chores?
            
                30 Is it possible for women to join the army in your country?
            
                31 Is it compulsory for men and women to join the army in your country?
            
                32 Do women swear a lot?
            
                33 Are there more male or female managers and executives? Why do you think this is?
            
                34 What jobs do men do and women not do in your country?
            
                35 Who is regarded as the head of the family?
            
                36 Should boys and girls be brought up differently?
            
                37 Should boys and girls be treated differently on the part of the parents?
            
                38 What would happen if your parents changed their place for one day?
            
                39 How would the world look like without men?
            
                40 How would the world look like without women?
            
                41 When a woman and a man are together, who does most of the talking? What makes you think so?
            
                42 Can a man and a woman be only friends?
            
                43 Do men/men friendships differ from women/men or women/women friendships? How?
            
                44 Who do you think has life easier, girls or guys? Why?
            
                45 Do you see yourself as a typical man/woman? Why or why not?
            
                46 What things can men or women do that the other cannot do and why?
            
                47 In your country
            
                48 What are the responsibilities of a father to his family?
            
                49 What are the responsibilities of a mother to her family?
            
                50 Are fathers capable of carrying out the duties of a mother and vice versa?
            
                51 Who is regarded as the head of the family?
            
                52 Who do the children go to for emotional support? For financial support?
            
                53 Are there different expectations for sons and daughters?
            
                54 Should boys and girls be brought up differently?
            
                55 What habits are deemed as appropriate for women but not for men?
            
                56 What behaviors are deemed as appropriate for men but inappropriate for women?
            
                57 What jobs are deemed as appropriate for men but inappropriate for women?
            
                58 Are more doctors female or male in your country?
            
                59 Are more nurses female or male in your country?
            
                60 Are more professional musicians female or male in your country?
            
                61 Are more teachers female or male in your country?
            
                62 Are there more male or female managers and executives? Why do you think this is?
            
                63 What type of clothing do men wear?
            
                64 What type of clothing do women wear?
            
                65 Can men wear women's clothing or can women wear men's clothing?
            
                66 Can men wear pink clothes?
            
                67 Is it OK for men to cry?
            
                68 Is it OK for women to cry?
            
                69 Is it OK for men to appear sad?
            
                70 s it OK for women to appear angry?
            
                71 Is it OK for men to appear weak?
            
                72 What would people think of a man who backs down from a fight?
            
                73 What would people think of two women involved in a fist fight?
            
                74 Is it OK for women to swear (to cuss)?
            
                75 Is it common for women and men to take part in sporting activities? Do they take part in the same sports? Are there famous women athletes?
