
            
                1 What is a generation gap?
            
                2 Have you ever felt a generation gap with your friends?
            
                3 How do you over come the generation gap?
            
                4 When do you feel the generation gap the most?
            
                5 Is it possible to overcome a generation gap?
            
                6 At what point in life does the generation gap seem to be the largest?
            
                7 Do you think you can be a better parent than your own parents in future?
            
                8 Do you think it is OK to date or marry someone of a different generation to yourself, either older or younger?
            
                9 Some people think it is OK to marry a much older man but not a much older woman? Do you agree?
            
                10 What could be some problems with a partnership or marriage of different generations?
            
                11 Do you think your generation's fight is similar to your parents generation's fight.
            
                12 What do you think are some of the advantages or disadvantages of another generation?
            
                13 When did you first become an adult in your mind?
            
                14 What roll does music play in generation gaps?
            
                15 When is an age gap beneficial, and when is it a hindrance?
            
                16 How can you overcome a generation gap?
            
                17 Can you talk to your parents about everything?
            
                18 Do you ever disagree with your parents/grandparents about topics such as music, style and values?
            
                19 How many years difference causes a generation gap?
            
                20 Is it possible for parents and children to be friends?
            
                21 What influences the styles, values and interests of a generation?
            
                22 Are people from the "older" generation always more wise and correct in their ways of thinking and choices? Why or why not?
            
                23 Do you ever disagree with your friends/ parents/relatives/grandparents about topics such as music, style and values?
            
                24 Is it possible for parents and children to be friends? Or for people of different generations to be friends?
            
                25 What influences the styles, values and interests of a generation? How long is a generation?
            
                26 What is an example of a time you and your friends/parents/relatives/grandparents had an argument or disagreement? Do you think it was related to generation gap?
            
                27 Do you think generation gaps allow the older generations to have more "authority" in their relationships with younger people?
            
                28 What are some topics that people of different generations disagree on? Is it possible for people of different generations to agree on things as well?
            
                29 They say that each generation is about 10 years. Is it possible to "categorize" or "label"every generation (such as Generation X, the Baby Boomers, etc)?
            
                30 Should teachers be aware of the generation gap between them and their students? What can be done about it? Can that gap be narrowed being adaptable, or should students adapt to their teachers?
            
                31 Do you feel you have more of a generation gap with your mother, father, grandmother or grandfather? Why do you think this is the case?
            
                32 If you don't have generation gaps with your friends/parents/relatives/grandparents, what are some reasons why they don't exist in your relationships with them?
            
                33 Do you think that your life is easier/harder than your parents?
            
                34 What role does technology change play in creating a
            
                35 generation gap?
            
                36 Could people's leisure habits be labelled under "radio, television, computer" generations?
            
                37 Which changes in traditional values could contribute to a generation gap?
            
                38 Have you found useful information in systems like astrology or the Enneagram? [personality]
            
                39 What do you think when you see an old person?
            
                40 Do you think older people are boring?
            
                41 Would you ever date someone much older or younger than yourself?
            
                42 What was the most popular music when you were 12 years old? Now? how has the music and you changed?
            
                43 There are some older woman / younger man relationships in Hollywood now. Do you think this is changing people's views?
            
                44 Some people think it is OK to marry a much older man but not a woman? Do you agree?
            
                45 Do you know a family where this is the case?
            
                46 Do you think your generation's fight is similar to your parents generations fight?
            
                47 Why do new generations frequently blame the last generation for many problems they are facing?
            
                48 If you could give one important message to the next generation, what would it be?
            
                49 Do you think you will experience a generation gap with your children?What are some differences in music, fashion, personality, mannerisms that are apparent when encountering a generation gap?
            
                50 How does a generation gap affect interaction between two people?
            
                51 What are some key signs that a generation gap is present?
            
                52 School
            
                53 Relationships
            
                54 What are some differences in your culture's generation gaps when compared to that of another culture's own generation gaps?
            
                55 What causes generation gaps to form?
            
                56 How might todays generation gaps be different from those of your parents' or even your grandparents'?
            
                57 How do generation gaps change/evolve for individuals over time?
            
                58 Can you see a generation gap between yourself and the younger generation? What is it concerning?
            
                59 Do you feel your parents don't understand you because of a generation gap?
