
            
                1 Do you think you have a healthy life style? Is it possible to have a healthy life style in modern world? Why do many people try to have a healthy life style? What is the main purpose of it?
            
                2 What is healthy food? Do you pay much attention to what you eat? Do you think it is more important for you to eat healthy or tasty food?
            
                3 Do you have a snack every time you are hungry or do you wait for the lunch or dinner? What is better for health?
            
                4 Do you agree with the saying: "Eat your breakfast, share your lunch with a friend and give your dinner to your enemy"? Why do people say so?
            
                5 What is healthy about not eating after 6 p.m? Do you try to follow this rule? Are you a success?
            
                6 Is obesity a great problem in where you live? Why are there so many obese people in the US? What are the most efficient ways to loose weight?
            
                7 Do you think diets are useful or not? Have you ever tried to go on a diet? What kind of diet was it? Did it work?
            
                8 Is physical activity (jogging, going to a gym, swimming pool) an important part of a healthy life style?
            
                9 Can you tell a physically inactive person from someone who takes care of his\her physical condition? What are the main differences?
            
                10 What is your attitude to smoking? What is the influence of smoking on health? What about passive smoking?
            
                11 Is it hard to give up smoking? Do you know someone who gave up smoking? What is the best way to give up smoking?
            
                12 What is a healthy dose of alcohol? How mush beer, wine or vodka you can drink daily without any damage to your health? What is the damage of alcohol abuse to health?
            
                13 How many hours of sleep do you need daily? If you don't sleep enough, how do you feel and look?
            
                14 Do you try to go to bed and get up at certain hours every day? What is good about it?
            
                15 Do you often find yourself under stress?
            
                16 remove me
            
                17 remove me
