
            
                1 What do you know about being homeless?
            
                2 Does your city have a large homeless population?
            
                3 Have someone you know been homeless?
            
                4 Does your country have many homeless people?
            
                5 What do you think can done to help homeless people?
            
                6 Have you done volunteer work in your community?
            
                7 Do you think it's acceptable for children to work late at night selling flowers and singing?Do you think these children need to be out doing this, or are they just earning extra money?What do you think will happen to these children in the future? Do they have a future?
            
                8 Do you think there should be more help for beggars, homeless and poor people in your town or city? How about in your country?
            
                9 Do you think your town or city should make a place for beggars and homeless people to go, like a homeless shelter?Do you think it would reduce the amount of beggars and homeless people on the street?Do you think it would encourage people to be lazy?What are some reasons that these people would not want to use such a shelter?
            
                10 If your town or city was to have a homeless shelter, who should run this place?Who should pay for this place?Should anybody be allowed to go to this place?
            
                11 Do you think the government should give money to homeless people?How about jobless people?If you think the government should give money, about how much money do you think should be given?
            
                12 Do you give money to beggars or homeless people? Why or why not?How do you know if a beggar is a real beggar?If you give money to beggars or homeless people, about how much do you give?Do you think beggars should work on their own?Would you offer a beggar a job to help you around you house?
            
                13 Would you rather give money to beggars or buskers? (Buskers are people who entertain you on the street for money, e.g. musicians)
            
                14 Would you rather give money to beggars who have a disability, older beggars, beggars with babies or child beggars? Why?
            
                15 Does your country have rich beggars?
            
                16 Have you heard of stories where people beg for money but in fact they are rich? Tell us about it?
            
                17 Does it make you feel good to give money to beggars?
            
                18 Do you give money to beggars to help or to make you feel good about yourself?
            
                19 Do you give money or do you give things: e.g. clothes, food, etc.?
            
                20 Do you choose the kind of beggars you give money or things to? e.g. old men playing musical instruments, small children roaming around, adults carrying a child.
            
                21 In your country, is there a syndicate behind beggars?
