
            
                1 Can you describe each room of your house?
            
                2 What does the outside of your house look like?
            
                3 Where do you park your car at your house
            
                4 Do you like the place where you are living? Why or why not?
            
                5 What is your favorite room in your house? Why?
            
                6 How are homes different in your home country and in this country?
            
                7 How have you changed your home since you've started living there?
            
                8 How long have you lived where you are living now?
            
                9 How many different homes have you lived in?Which one did you like the best? Why?Which one did you like the least? Why?
            
                10 How many rooms are there in your house?
            
                11 How much is your rent? (Some people may not consider this to be a polite question.)
            
                12 If you could change anything about your present home, what would it be?
            
                13 Is your home in a convenient location?
            
                14 What changes would you like to make to your home?
            
                15 What do you like about your home? What don't you like?
            
                16 What do you think is the worst color for a living room?
            
                17 What is in your bedroom?
            
                18 What things in your home couldn't you live without?
            
                19 What things in your house could you easily live without?
            
                20 Where would your dream home be?What would it be like inside and out?
            
                21 Which room do you spend the least time in?
            
                22 Which room do you spend the most time in?
            
                23 Who are your neighbors?Do you get along well with your neighbors?How well do you know them?What have you done with your neighbors?
            
                24 Who lives with you? / Who do you live with?
            
                25 Would you prefer to live in a house or an apartment? Why?
            
                26 Is every house a home?
            
                27 What makes 'a house' into 'a home'?
            
                28 Have you ever been homesick?have you changed anything in your house recently? If so, what was that?
            
                29 What would you like to change in your house?
            
                30 What is the color of your front door?
            
                31 What kind of housing would you prefer?
            
                32 What is your dream house?
            
                33 Do you like to keep pets in your home?
            
                34 Are there any parks near your home?
            
                35 What strange materials do you know of that have been used to make houses?
            
                36 Could you build a house for yourself? How would you do it? (you cannot have a builder help you)
            
                37 How could you live without electricity? Could you make your own electricity? How?
            
                38 How can houses be made more environmentally friendly?
            
                39 Describe how you go about buying a house in your country. Can you borrow money from a bank? Is it easy to buy and sell houses?
            
                40 What would be important to consider when designing a city? Was your city planned? Describe a perfect city
            
                41 Draw/describe your dream house (money is no problem) where, materials, design, interior, landscaping etc
            
                42 Imagine you have arrived in a country where they don't speak your language. You have no money or friends there. What would you do for accommodation?
            
                43 Give some reasons why people become homeless.
            
                44 What problems do home owners have? What can they do about them?
            
                45 Is it better to rent or buy? Give reasons for your answer.
            
                46 What do you think houses in the future will be like?
            
                47 How important is security? How do you make a house secure?
            
                48 Make a list of the 10 most important things you would look for when choosing a house to live in.
            
                49 Some people say houses are too much like boxes or cages. Do you agree or disagree? Why?
            
                50 What are the advantages and disadvantages of a home stay?
            
                51  What are the advantages and disadvantages of these alternatives?
            
                52 Which are the advantages and disadvantages of living in a small house/flat/apartment? And living in a big one?
            
                53 Do you have a nice garden at your home? Do you plant flowers and trees in your garden? Do you help your mother/father to water those plants/flowers?
            
                54 Do you raise fish in your home? If so, what type of fish?
            
                55 Which do you like better, a home with a nice garden or a home without one?
            
                56 Do you have a mini swimming pool in your home?A basket ball court A ping pong table?
            
                57 Do you help to mow the lawn in your garden?
