
            
                1 After you graduate do you want to live in your hometown? Why or why not?
            
                2 Can I visit your hometown on the Internet?
            
                3 Do you like your hometown? Why or why not?
            
                4 How many TV channels do you get at home?
            
                5 Do you miss your home country?What do you miss the most?
            
                6 remove me please
            
                7 Does anyone famous come from your hometown?
            
                8 Does your hometown have any festivals? What happens at that festival?
            
                9 How long does it take to get from your hometown to here?
            
                10 Has your hometown changed a lot since you were a kid? If so, how? Have the changes been for the better or worse?
            
                11 Is your hometown famous for anything?
            
                12 Where is your hometown?
            
                13 What is the population of your hometown?
            
                14 What is the population of your country?
            
                15 What are some things in your hometown that are part of history?
            
                16 What does your hometown produce? What does it grow?
            
                17 What is the best season in your hometown?
            
                18 What is the best thing about your hometown?
            
                19 What is the worst thing about your hometown?
            
                20 What's there to do in your hometown?
            
                21 What's your hometown like?
            
                22 When is the best time to come to your hometown?
            
                23 Where are you from?
            
                24 What is the geography of your hometown? (i.e. beach, mountains, etc.)
            
                25 What are the main attractions in your hometown?
            
                26 What are the main economical resources in your hometown?
            
                27 Can you describe the main geographical features of your hometown?
            
                28 What is the average temperature in winter time? (summer time?)
            
                29 Would you like to be in your hometown now? Why or why not?
            
                30 If you could live anywhere, where would you like to live?
            
                31 How do you see your hometown growing in the next 20 years?
            
                32 Is your hometown growing? Is this a good or a bad thing?
            
                33 Tell me why I would enjoy visiting your hometown.
            
                34 Tell me why I should visit your hometown.
            
                35 What interesting city lies to the north, south, east, west of your hometown?
            
                36 How many stoplights does your hometown have?
            
                37 Does your hometown have a college or university?
            
                38 Does your hometown have a shopping mall shopping?
            
                39 Does your hometown have antique shopping places?
            
                40 Where is the best place to get a reasonably priced, but delicious meal in your hometown?
            
                41 How long have you lived in your hometown?
            
                42 Do any of your family members (still) live in your hometown?
            
                43 Where did your maternal and paternal great-great-great grandparents live or come from?
            
                44 Do you hope that someday your hometown would be world famous for something? What could it be famous for?
            
                45 What is the average yearly rain fall for your hometown?
            
                46 Does it snow in your hometown?
            
                47 If you could change one thing in your hometown, what would you change and why?
            
                48 Would you ever run away from your home?
            
                49 How many members of your family were born in your hometown? Were you born there?
            
                50 Is any farming done in your hometown? Is so, what crops are grown? What animals are raised?
            
                51 What is the rate of crime in your hometown? What crimes are most common?
