
            
                1 Do you often use the Internet?
            
                2 When did you first use the Internet?
            
                3 About how many hours a day do you use the Internet?
            
                4 About how many hours a week do you use the Internet?
            
                5 Who uses the Internet the most in your family?
            
                6 What computer do you use to access the Internet?
            
                7 What are some security issues you must think about when you access the Internet?
            
                8 Have you ever bought something using the Internet?
            
                9 How can the internet help you learn English? Do you take advantage of this?
            
                10 How can the Internet be improved?
            
                11 How often do you use the internet?
            
                12 Do you think our lives have been improved by the Internet?
            
                13 Do you have any ideas or ambitions to start an Internet company?
            
                14 Do you think the Internet favors men or women?
            
                15 Do men and women use the internet for different purposes?
            
                16 Do you use the Internet for fun or education?
            
                17 What are some of the ways the Internet can be used for education?
            
                18 What are some of the ways the Internet can be used for entertainment?
            
                19 What are the sites you most commonly access?
            
                20 What is the best thing about the Internet?
            
                21 What problems does the Internet create? What problems does it solve?
            
                22 Which company is your Internet provider?Why did you choose this company?Are you satisfied with their service?How much does it cost you?
            
                23 Is it expensive to access the Internet by mobile phone in your country?
            
                24 Is there too much sex on the Internet?
            
                25 Does your family have wireless Internet access in your home?
            
                26 What type of pages do you access with your phone?
            
                27 Why do you need more than one e-mail address?
            
                28 Have you ever chatted on the Internet?
            
                29 Is it dangerous to meet people on the Internet?
            
                30 Would you like to go on a date with someone you meet on the Internet?
            
                31 Do you think governments have the right to censor the Internet?
            
                32 Do you think that the Internet safe for children? Why
            
                33 Do you think that it is important for schools to have Internet access? Why?
            
                34 Can you believe all the information that is published (available) on the Internet?
            
                35 Do you think that people should put photos of their friends onto the Internet?
            
                36 Why is it a good idea to have books and magazines published on the Internet?
            
                37 Do you think that it is a good or bad habit for young people to play computer games?
            
                38 Why should you be careful about giving out personal information to people that you meet in chat rooms?
            
                39 Give me a reason why you think that email is a good way for people to communicate.
            
                40  Do you think that working at home using the Internet is good or bad?
            
                41 Many disreputable companies get personal information from your computer when you visit their web site. Why is this bad?
            
                42 Many people download MP3 music without paying any money for it. Do you think that this is a problem?
            
                43 Would you consider going out with someone that you met on the Internet?
            
                44 In your opinion, what is the most important feature of the Internet?
            
                45 Do you think that meeting people is easier than meeting people face to face?
            
                46 Are old people disadvantaged by today's usage of the Internet? How?
            
                47 When you buy something on the Internet, trust is very important. Why?
            
                48 Do you think that the Internet will replace Libraries?
            
                49 Do you think that online banking (being able to do most of your banking by the Internet and ATM machines) will become popular in all countries? What is a disadvantage of this.
            
                50 In many big cities it is possible to buy your groceries online and have them delivered to your home. Why has this become popular?
            
                51 Why is it illegal to download movies and music from the Internet?
            
                52 What is a computer virus and how do we protect our computers from being infected?
            
                53 How does the Internet help people from different countries to communicate with each other?
            
                54 Information on the Internet is linked together; it is not just single documents. Why is this important?
            
                55 How do we stop young children from looking at Internet sites that have inappropriate content?
            
                56 Do you think that some people spend too much time on the Internet and does this stop them from seeing their friends? Why?
            
                57 Do you think that having Internet access is mainly for rich people? Will poor people be disadvantaged?
            
                58 In some countries you can sell personal items on the Internet (E-Bay). Do you think this is a good idea?
            
                59 Many Universities are now offering online courses. Give me some reasons why this is a good thing.
            
                60 Many Universities are now offering online courses. Give me some reasons why this is a bad thing.
            
                61 If you want reliable and good information from the Internet, then you should look for sites operated by which types of organizations?
            
                62 Do you think that the Internet usage is an anti-social activity?
            
                63 E-commerce (buying and selling things on the Internet) has become very popular. Give a reason for this?
            
                64 Is it better to buy online or to go to a shop? Why?
            
                65 Why is it very important not to give out personal information on the Internet?
            
                66 Many sites require you to have ID's and passwords. Why do we need to keep these safe?
            
                67 Some web sites hold very dangerous information, for example how to make a bomb. How can we control these Web sites?
            
                68 If you give personal information to a Website do you think that they will always keep this private? Sometimes they sell this information. Is this a good or bad thing?
            
                69 Search engine are used to find information. Do you think that they always give you the best sites or do they give you sites that pay money in order to be on the top of the list?
            
                70 What is Copyright? How do we break Copyright law on the Internet?
            
                71  How can we stop students from "cutting and pasting" from the Internet when they do their assignments?
            
                72 We can use the Internet to find jobs overseas.
            
                73 If you employ someone via the Internet, how do you check if the person is giving you truthful information?
            
                74 Do you think the Internet is making people more impatient and that we are becoming a society were we all want instant satisfaction?
            
                75 How has the Internet changed society?
            
                76 How can the Internet help you learn English? Do you take advantage of this?
