
            
                1 What are the best and the most useful inventions of the mankind in the 20th and 21st centuries?
            
                2 What famous inventors do you know? What were their inventions? Do you know anything about the inventions of Leonardo da Vinci?
            
                3 How did the invention of television change people's life?  Do you think it is a useful invention?  What is the role of television in your life?  How often do you watch it?
            
                4 When did you buy or get your first mobile phone?  Do you think you can live without your mobile or is it now an important part of your daily life?  Are you anxious when the battery is flat or you are out of reach?
            
                5 What do scientists say about the influence of mobile phones on our health?
            
                6 Do you use the Internet?  What Internet services do you use?  Do you feel any addiction to the Internet?  How much do you spend on the Internet a month?
            
                7 How did the Internet influence such things as communication, correspondence, access to information?  Do you think that the Internet is the good or the evil?
            
                8 What do you think is the worst invention of the mankind? (weapon, atomic energy, cigarettes, television, mobile phones, cars, genetically modified products etc)
            
                9 Can you name some inventions are you looking forward to? (human cloning, time traveling, eternal-life-pill, AIDS\cancer vaccine, teleportation)
            
                10 What do you know about cloning? Who invented it? How does it work?
            
                11 Who is Dolly (sheep)?
            
                12 What is your attitude to human cloning?Do you think it should be prohibited?What is good and bad about human cloning?
            
                13 Do you think time machine will ever be invented? Would you like to do some time traveling? What time would you like to visit, what event would you like to witness?
            
                14 Do you think aging is the problem the mankind can not fight?  What discoveries and inventions has been made recently to fight aging?
            
                15 Do you believe that the elixir of life will ever be discovered? Would you like to be immortal or would you just prefer to remain young throughout your life and die in the end?
            
                16 What is the use of space exploration? What technologies has space exploration brought to our daily life?
            
                17 Do you believe that one day people will live on the moon and on other planets?  Why isn't it possible today?
            
                18 What would you invent if your a scientist?
