
            
                1 What language is spoken the most in your country?
            
                2 Do you have a second language in your country?
            
                3 How many languages do you speak fluently?
            
                4 Does your language have words adopted from English?
            
                5 Is English important for an individual in your country?
            
                6 Why are you studying English?
            
                7 What language you like speaking in?
            
                8 What language do you least like speaking in?
            
                9 What's your favorite language?
            
                10 What's your least favorite language?
            
                11 What's the strangest language have you ever head?
            
                12 Do you wish your country has another language instead of the present one?
            
                13 Do you have pen-friend? If yes, what languages do they speak?
            
                14 Can you name any languages that are no longer spoken?
            
                15 What language do the neighboring countries of where you live speak?
            
                16 What would you do if you had to travel to a country where it's people don't know how to speak neither your language nor English?
            
                17 Do you think that disappearing languages should be protected or should we just let them fade away?
            
                18 What languages are spoken the most throughout the world?
            
                19 Which do you think is the most difficult language?
            
                20 How many languages do you speak?
            
                21 Do you know anyone who is monolingual?
            
                22 Do you know anyone who is bilingual or multilingual?
            
                23 Would you like to raise multilingual children?
            
                24 Can you think of some disadvantages of being monolingual?
            
                25 Have you ever visited a society where most people speak only one language?
            
                26 Have you ever visited a society where most people speak more than one language?
            
                27 Does your country have any official languages? What languages are official?
            
                28 What other languages are spoken in your nation, including minority groups and the languages of immigrants?
            
                29 Do you think foreign language study should be required?
            
                30 Do you think foreign language study should start as early as possible, or is it okay to start later?
            
                31 Do you think all people should be required to study the same foreign language, or do you think there should be some choice?
            
                32 Why is English used in so many places?
            
                33 Do you think that a language other than English should be used as an "international language"?
            
                34 Do you think language affects thought?
            
                35 Do you enjoy studying grammar?
            
                36 Do you think studying the grammar of your native language is important?
            
                37 Do you think studying the grammar of a foreign language helps you to speak it?
            
                38 What grammar question have you had lately?
            
                39 When you study a language, do you like to study reading, writing, speaking and listening?
            
                40 Have you ever had an emotional discussion in a language that you don't speak well?
            
                41 When you learn new words, is it generally easier for you to remember "silly and useless" words, or "common and useful" words?
            
                42 If you study a foreign language, do you use a dictionary written in the language you are studying?
            
                43 Have you ever used a concordance to study language?
            
                44 Do you have a large vocabulary?
            
                45 Is increasing your vocabulary important to you?
            
                46 What techniques do you use to remember vocabulary?
            
                47 What dialects does your language have?
            
                48 Do you know the saying, "a language is a dialect with an army"? What do you think this means? Do you agree?
            
                49 When you are getting an important message for the first time, are you more comfortable hearing it, or reading it?
            
                50 Is this different for you in your native language and your second/foreign language?
            
                51 When you produce language, are you more comfortable writing it, or saying it?
