
            
                1 What are some brands of make up that you use?
            
                2 What is the best color of lipstick for your lips?
            
                3 Do you often change the colors of your eye shadow or lipstick to match your clothes?
            
                4 Would you ever consider getting your make up or eyebrows tattooed on you?
            
                5 What are some ways that you use to prevent wrinkles?
            
                6 Have you ever had freckles, or dots, removed?
            
                7 Do you always wear sunscreen when you go out to do your daily activities?
            
                8 How much make up is too much?
            
                9 Do you ever go out in public without any make up on?
            
                10 Can you explain your techniques for applying your make up?
            
                11 Do you think it's ok for men to wear make up? How would you feel if your boyfriend/husband wore make up to enhance his looks?
            
                12 What is the most expensive cosmetic that you buy these days?
            
                13 What is the most expensive cosmetic that you bought in your life? Did you feel that it was worth paying a lot of money for?
            
                14 Can you easily distinguish the differences between a cheap brand of make up and an expensive brand? How?
            
                15 Where do you usually buy your make up? Do you ever buy make up online?
            
                16 Do you sometimes wear colored contact lenses? What do you think of people who wear them? Would you consider wearing them?
            
                17 What do you think of girls who get eye surgery? Do you think they should admit it to their future husband before getting married?
            
                18 Would you consider getting eye or nose surgery to enhance your looks?
            
                19 How old were you when you first started to wear make up?
            
                20 How long does it take you to apply your make up?
            
                21 Would you like roles to be reversed and for men to need to wear make up, while women really should not? Why or why not?
            
                22 Why do you think that in most cultures, men cannot dress like women or wear make up?
            
                23 What types of lotions do you use? How many different kinds do you have?
            
                24 Do you ever use a facial mask to improve your skin?
            
                25 What kinds of soaps do you use for your hands, for your face, in the shower?
            
                26 How often do you go to the public bath?
            
                27 How often do you exfoliate your skin?
