
            
                1 What do you think are some good manners?
            
                2 What do you think are some bad manners?
            
                3 Can you think of some good manners that are bad manners in another country?
            
                4 What are the titles of some books on manners? Have you ever read them?
            
                5 What are some good manners for using a cell phone?
            
                6 What are some good table manners?
            
                7 What are some good party manners?
            
                8 Is kissing in public good manners?
            
                9 Do you say "hi" to people even if they are strangers? Why? Why not?
            
                10 Do you listen to other's people conversations on the street?
            
                11 Do you think it is good manners to hug or kiss another person in greeting?
            
                12 Do you let people pass you when you are driving in your car? Is it considered a good manner?
            
                13 Do you honk your horn to people when you drive?
            
                14 Why are manners important?
            
                15 Do people have more manners now or in earlier times?
            
                16 Can manners affect your success in life? How?
            
                17 What's the best way to teach manners to children?
            
                18 What culture do you think is the most polite? Explain.
            
                19 What advice would you give a foreigner visiting your country who would like to show good manners?
            
                20 What things about manners in the USA do you find difficult to adjust to?
            
                21 Is there anything about manners in the USA that you prefer to manners in your country?
            
                22 When you walk , what side should you be on?
            
                23 When you are entering an elevator, what should you, do if there are people getting out?
            
                24 How closely do you think good manners are related to income and social status?
            
                25 Can the idea of good manners inhibit people's natural sense of fun and inhibition?
            
                26 To what extent is the idea of good manners used to control women's behavior in society?
            
                27 What manners have you found acceptable in here that would be
            
                28 bad manners in your country?
            
                29 Do you let people pass you when you are driving? Is it considered a good manner?
            
                30 What manners are found only in your country?
            
                31 Why do we have manners?
            
                32 What are some manners in your country that no longer exist?
            
                33 Do you think staring at somebody that looks totally different from you is good manners? Why do you think people stare?
            
                34 Can manners effect your success in life? How?
