
            
                1 How many guests would you invite to your wedding?
            
                2 At what age do most people in your country get married?
            
                3 Do women usually work after getting married in your country?
            
                4 Do you get along with your in-laws?
            
                5 Do you know anyone who has had an arranged marriage?
            
                6 Do you know someone who has gotten a divorce?
            
                7 Can you still love your partner and not like him/her?
            
                8 Do you think a boy should pay for everything on a date?
            
                9 What is your opinion of arranged marriages?
            
                10 Do you think getting married means giving up freedom?
            
                11 Do you think if you get married that you will change?
            
                12 Do you think it is better to be single or to be married?
            
                13 Do you think it is good to get married?
            
                14 Do you think it is okay for a couple to live together before getting married? Why or Why not?
            
                15 Do you think it is okay to marry someone of a different race?
            
                16 Do you think it is okay to marry someone with a different religion?
            
                17 Do you think it's OK for a man to have two wives?
            
                18 Do you think it's OK for a wife to have two husbands?
            
                19 Do you think it's okay for a man to have a mistress?
            
                20 Do you think it's okay for a man to hit his wife?
            
                21 Do you think love is necessary to have a good marriage?
            
                22 Do you think marriage is necessary?
            
                23 Do you think marriages based on love are more successful than arranged marriages?
            
                24 Do you think marriage is very stressful for women? How about for men?
            
                25 Do you think people change after getting married?
            
                26 Do you think religion influences marriage? If so, in what ways?
            
                27 Do you think that all adults should be married?
            
                28 Do you think that you can you find eternal love through the Internet?
            
                29 Do you want a husband or wife who is older, younger or the same age as you?
            
                30 How long do you think couples should know each other before they get married?
            
                31 How many children would you like to have?
            
                32 How old were your parents when they got married?
            
                33 If your husband or wife has an affair what would you do?
            
                34 If your parents did not approve of a person you loved and wanted to marry, would that be a difficult situation for you? Why/Why not?
            
                35 If you had to marry either a poor man whom you really loved, or a rich man whom you did not love, which would you choose?
            
                36 What advice would you give to someone whose partner hates their best friend?
            
                37 What age do you think is best for getting married?
            
                38 What are some dating and marriage customs in your country?
            
                39 What are some of the main reasons people get divorced?
            
                40 What are some qualities that you think are important in a spouse or partner?
            
                41 What do you think of same-sex marriages?
            
                42 What do you think of single mothers?
            
                43 What is a wedding ceremony like in your country?
            
                44 What is the best way to keep your spouse happy in the marriage?
            
                45 What kind of man do you want as a husband?
            
                46 What kind of person do you want to get married to?
            
                47 What kind of woman do you want as a wife?
            
                48 What makes a good husband/wife?
            
                49 What qualities in a partner are important to you?
            
                50 What would you do if your soon to be mother-in-law seems to hate you?
            
                51 What would your parents think if you don't get married?
            
                52 When did your parents get married?
            
                53 Which is more important for you, your job or your marriage?
            
                54 Why do people break up with their partners?
            
                55 Will you continue working after you get married?
            
                56 Would you date someone you really liked if your parents did not like him or her?
            
                57 Would you ever marry someone who has been divorced twice?
            
                58 Would you introduce your date to your family?
            
                59 Would you live with your parents after you get married?
            
                60 Would you marry someone from another country?
            
                61 Would you marry someone ten years older than you? How about ten years younger than you?
            
                62 Would you marry someone that your parents didn't like?
            
                63 Would you marry someone who couldn't speak the same language as you speak?
            
                64 Do you know a happily married couple?
            
                65 Can you name a famous happily married couple?
            
                66 What do you think is the most important ingredient in a good marriage?
            
                67 How long is the marriage ceremony in your country?
            
                68 Do you think its possible to wait for the man or woman you love while he or she is in jail?
            
                69 What is the best season to get married?
            
                70 Do you know anybody who has two families at the same time and supports them both?
            
                71 How many families can you have in your country?
            
                72 Do you know of any superstitions connected with weddings?
            
                73 Would it be important for you to have a "white wedding'?
            
                74 Why do you think the bride's maids wear white.
            
                75 In your opinion is marriage for life?
            
                76 What is your worse fears to face during marriage?
            
                77 Do you think it is OK if married people go out alone?
            
                78 If you were married would you like to have an open relationship?
            
                79 Is it better to marry someone who loves you rather than someone whom you love?
            
                80 Do you think when people get married it is really until death?
            
                81 Would you marry someone of another nationality?
            
                82 Are your parents of the same nationality?
            
                83 What are some advantages of an international marriage?
            
                84 What are some disadvantages?
            
                85 Do you want to have an international marriage?
            
                86 Do you know anyone who married someone from a different country? If yes, what is their experience like?
            
                87 Do you think it is more difficult to marry someone from a different country?
            
                88 How would your parents feel if you married someone from a different country?
            
                89 Do you think that gay people should be allowed to marry?
