
            
                1 Have you ever studied a martial art?
            
                2 Can you name any Japanese/Chinese/Korean martial arts?
            
                3 Which martial art is best in your opinion? Why?
            
                4 Do you like fighting?
            
                5 Do you often fight?
            
                6 Have you ever been in a fight? Did you win?
            
                7 Do you think its useful to study martial arts?
            
                8 Who is your favorite kung fu movie actor/actress?
            
                9 Do you like Hong Kong kung fu movies?
            
                10 What is your favorite kung fu movie?
            
                11 Do you know anything about martial arts history? What?
            
                12 Do you think its important to preserve tradition in martial arts?
            
                13 How many different kinds of kung fu have you heard of?
            
                14 Do you know how to use any traditional weapons?
            
                15 Which traditional weapon do you think is the coolest?
            
                16 How does kung fu/tae kwon do/aikido compare to western boxing?
            
                17 Do you ever watch martial arts on TV?
            
                18 Do you know any good martial arts websites?
            
                19 Are there any martial arts schools in your area?
            
                20 What's the difference between traditional kung fu and modern wushu?
            
                21 What age is best to start training in martial arts?At what age do you think it is best to begin training in martial arts?
            
                22 How much should you train?
            
                23 Do you know of any interesting training methods?
            
                24 Do you know the names of the different kicks/punches/stances?
            
                25 Which martial art uniform do you like best?
            
                26 What are belts and sashes for?
            
                27 What are forms or katas for?
            
                28 What's your favorite fighting technique?
            
                29 What's the most important thing in a fight?
            
                30 What's the coolest kung fu animal style?
            
                31 What do you think "the art of fighting without fighting" (Bruce Lee) means?
            
                32 Have you ever studied a martial art?
            
                33 Can you name some Japanese, Chinese, and Korean martial arts? Describe them for your partner.
            
                34 If you have trained in a martial art, was it difficult? What did your teacher ask you to do? What level of ability did you attain? Did you ever take part in a competition?
            
                35 What do you know about aikido?
            
                36 What do you know about kendo?
            
                37 What do you know about judo?
            
                38 What do you know about karate?
            
                39 What do you know about tae kwon do?
            
                40 How many different kinds of kung fu have you heard of? For example, do you know the difference between traditional kung fu and modern wushu?
            
                41 Have you ever seen or heard of the Shaolin monks and their abilities?
            
                42 Did you win?
            
                43 What are the benefits of studying martial arts? (health, self-discipline, etc.)
            
                44 Do you think it's useful to study martial arts to defend yourself in today's world?
            
                45 Do you like Hong Kong kung fu movies? Do you like martial art movies of other countries?
            
                46 What is your favorite kung fu movie?
            
                47 Who's your favorite kung fu movie actor? What do you know about Jackie Chan?
            
                48 What do you know about martial arts history?
            
                49 Do you think it's important to preserve traditions in martial arts?
            
                50 Do you know how to use any traditional weapons?
            
                51 Which traditional weapon do you think is the coolest?
            
                52 How does Kung Fu, Tae Kwon Do, or Aikido compare to western boxing?
            
                53 Do you ever watch martial arts on TV?
            
                54 Do you know any good martial arts websites?
            
                55 Are there any martial arts schools in your area? In this city?
            
                56 At what age do you think it is best to begin training in martial arts?
            
                57 How much should a person train in a martial art to become successful?
            
                58 Do you know of any interesting training methods?
            
                59 Do you know the names of different kicks, punches, and stances?
            
                60 What's your favorite fighting technique?
            
                61 What's the most important thing in a martial arts competition?
            
                62 What's the coolest Kung fu animal style?
            
                63 What do you think Bruce Lee's comment that Kung Fu is "the art of fighting without fighting" means?
            
                64 Do you believe that martial arts masters of the past were actually able to fly?
