
            
                1 What are some expectations you have about living in the US?
            
                2 What are some expectations you have for your children moving to the US?
            
                3 What do you think is the most serious problem for you in your move to the US?
            
                4 What are some things you can do to make your move easier?
            
                5 Do you think it would be easier if you were moving there permanently?
            
                6 What states have you visited?
            
                7 Which state did you like the best? Why?
            
                8 Where in the United States would you like to live? Why?
            
                9 Why are you considering to live in the United States?
            
                10 Apart from family and friends, what would you most miss from your country?
            
                11 What would be your family's reaction to this? Would they support your decision?
            
                12 Are you concerned that you might be discriminated against?
            
                13 Why do you think discrimination exists?
            
                14 Have you ever experienced discrimination on a personal level?
            
                15 What traditional thing or object would you take from your country or city?
            
                16 Was it hard to leave you homeland?
            
                17 Will you ever consider moving to the US if your future husband lives there? Why? Why not?
            
                18 What is the reason you moved out of your country to move here?
            
                19 Is there a possibility for you to marry an American?
            
                20 What is the capital of the United States?
            
                21 What is the coldest state?
            
                22 What is the warmest state?
            
                23 Can you name three states that touch Canada?
            
                24 Can you name three states that touch Mexico?
            
                25 Can you name states that on the Atlantic Coast?
            
                26 Can you name states on the Pacific Coast?
            
                27 Can you nameone state that has hurricanes?
            
                28 Can you name three states where it snows?
            
                29 Can you name two states that have the Rocky Mountains?
            
                30 Can you name two states that have the Appalachian Mountains?
            
                31 Can you name that has the Cascade Mountains?
            
                32 Can you  a state on the Gulf of Mexico?
            
                33 Can you name  the mountain range in California?
            
                34 Can you  states that touch the Great Lakes?
            
                35 What is the highest mountain range in the United States?
