
            
                1 (Insert country name where it says xx)
            
                2 What are some expectations you have about living in xx?
            
                3 What is your worst fear about moving to xx?
            
                4 Are you concerned that you might be discriminated against?
            
                5 Why do you think discrimination exists?
            
                6 Have you ever experienced discrimination on a personal level?
            
                7 What are some expectations you have for your children moving to xx?
            
                8 What do you think is the most serious problem for you in your move to xx?
            
                9 What are some things you can do to make your move easier?
            
                10 Do you think it would be easier if you were moving there permanently?
            
                11 What parts of 'xx' have you visited?
            
                12 Which part did you like the best and why?
            
                13 Which part do you want to visit next and why?
            
                14 What is the capital of xx?
            
                15 What is the coldest county/state/province?
            
                16 What is the warmest county/state/province?
            
                17 Name three counties/states/provinces that touch the sea, and name the sea.
            
                18 Name three counties/states/provinces that touch another country, and name the country or countries.
            
                19 What is the biggest county/state/province of xx?
            
                20 What is the smallest county/state/province of xx?
            
                21 Who is the president/prime minister/king/ruler of xx?
            
                22 What type of government does 'xx' have?
            
                23 What is the climate of xx?
            
                24 What is the currency, and the exchange rate to your currency, of xx?
            
                25 How can you travel to xx?
            
                26 Can you name the highest mountain in xx?
            
                27 Can you name the longest river in xx?
            
                28 Can you name the largest lake in xx?
            
                29 Can you name any holiday resorts in xx?
            
                30 What language do they speak in xx?
            
                31 Would you learn the language(s) of xx?
            
                32 How long do you think it would take you to learn the language of xx?
            
                33 Do you know anyone from xx?
            
                34 Do you know anyone married to someone from xx?
            
                35 Would you consider marrying someone from xx?
            
                36 If you had children with someone from 'xx' what language would you teach them? (Note: Nobody teaches babies to speak, they learn naturally!)
            
                37 If you did have children, where would you educate them, in 'xx' or your home country?
            
                38 If you decided to educate them in your home country, at what age would you do that?
            
                39 Have you got a job to go to in xx?
            
                40 How easy will it be to get a job in xx?
            
                41 How will you live if you can't find work in xx?
            
                42 Do you know the visa rules of xx?
            
                43 Can you become a 'citizen, of 'xx', and if so, would you want to?
            
                44 Would you like your children to take the citizenship of 'xx', or would you ensure that they were born in your home country thus taking on your nationality?
            
                45 Would you miss your family very much?
            
                46 Would you consider trying to take your family to xx?
