
            
                1 What's your name?
            
                2 What's the most beautiful girl's name you've heard?
            
                3 What's the best boy's name you've heard?
            
                4 How did your parents choose your name?
            
                5 Are you happy with your name?If not, why not?
            
                6 What are some of the most common names for boys and girls in your country?
            
                7 What are some really unusual names you've heard?
            
                8 Are there any names you absolutely hate?If so, what are they?Why do you hate them?
            
                9 Do you think names shape our personality? To what degree?
            
                10 Does your name have a meaning?If so, what does it mean?
            
                11 Do you have a middle name?What is it?If you have multiple middle names, what are they?
            
                12 In your culture, when you introduce yourself, does the last name come first or the first name?
            
                13 Do you have a nickname?If so, what is it?How did you get it?Do you like it?What are some interesting nicknames that you have heard?
            
                14 How many letters are in your name?How many syllables are in your name?Does your first name have the same number of syllables as your last name?How many duplicate letters are in your name?
            
                15 What do you think of people who name their children after months, seasons or days of the week?What do you think of parents who make up unique names for their children?
            
                16 Some parents give their children names in alphabetical order. Do you think this is a good idea?
            
                17 What was the name of your first girlfriend or boyfriend?Have you ever dated two different people with the same first name?
            
                18 What are some titles you can think of? (e.g. Mr., Mrs., Professor, Duke etc.)
            
                19 Do you think it is okay to give pets human names?What is the most popular name for a dog in your country?How about cats?
            
                20 Do you know the names of some famous race horses? If so, please name a few.
            
                21 Can you name some famous world leaders? Can you name some famous composers? Can you name some famous artists? Can you name some Western foods? Can you name some Eastern foods? Can you name some Middle-Eastern foods? Can you name some cars? What are some names of famous companies you know?
            
                22 What's the name of your favorite singer?What's the name of your favorite character from a story you've read What's the name of your favorite writer? What's the name of your favorite novel? What's the name of your favorite restaurant? What's the name of your favorite television show? What's the name of your favorite movie?
            
                23 Do you know the meaning of your name? If yes, what does it mean?What does your name mean?
            
                24 Have ever changed your name?
            
                25 Do women change their name after marriage in your country or keep their maiden name?
            
                26 Can you name some notorious people or criminals ?
            
                27 Is it ever appropriate to "call someone names"? When?
            
                28 Can you name the seven continents? How many U.S. state names do you know? How many Canadian province names do you know?
            
                29 Do you believe some names or words have magical qualities?
            
                30 Do people in your country predict the future according to names?
            
                31 If you could change your name would you? What would it be? Why this name?
            
                32 Do you remember any kids whose names other kids in school made fun of? Why? What were their names?
            
                33 Are you named after anyone in your family?
            
                34 Do you ever feel pressure to live up to your name?
            
                35 Can your name mean anything funny in your language?
            
                36 Have you ever known a boy that has a "girl's name" or a boy that had a "girl's name"?
            
                37 Do you wish your name was less common, or more unusual?
            
                38 If you could change your name would you? What would it be? Why that name?
            
                39 How did you choose your children`s names?
            
                40 Are you named after ancestors that are already dead?
            
                41 Are you named after a famous person?
            
                42 Can your name mean anything funny in your language? Did you ever get teased in school because of this?
            
                43 Have you ever known a boy that has a "girl's name" or a boy that had a "girl's name"? What was it like for them?
            
                44 Is it common in your country to name a person after a person in the Bible?
            
                45 Do you know some names that can be a boy's or a girl's name?
