
            
                1 What are some characteristics of your personality?
            
                2 What makes you happy?
            
                3 What are some things that make you angry?
            
                4 Are you happy with your personality?
            
                5 Would you like to be different?
            
                6 Are you a determined person? Are you a stubborn person?
            
                7 Are you shy ? In which occasions are you shy?
            
                8 Do you consider yourself selfish ? Why?
            
                9 Is your personality suited to your job?
            
                10 In what way has your personality changed? Why has it changed??
            
                11 Are you more introverted (focused on your inner world) or more extraverted (focused on other people and the outer world)?
            
                12 Do you think you can change a major characteristic of your personality if you try?
            
                13 Do you think you have an unusual personality? Why?
            
                14 If you could change any aspect of your personality, what would it be?
            
                15 What sort of things would you do to amuse yourself during a car journey?
            
                16 What personality traits do you consider important in a good friend / a boss / a partner?
            
                17 Do you consider yourself to be even-tempered?
            
                18 What is one thing that many people don't know about you?
            
                19 What expressions include colors when discussing illness? (ex., white or pale, pink eye, black and blue for bruises, yellow fever)
            
                20 What expressions include colors and feelings? (ex. I feel blue, green with envy, red with rage, turning red, black circles under the eyes, you are turning blue)
            
                21 What do the colors in your home country's flag represent?
            
                22 Do you think birth order makes a difference in your personality?
