
            
                1 Do you like to take pictures?
            
                2 What kind of photos do you enjoy looking at?
            
                3 What type of pictures do you keep in your family's photo albums?
            
                4 Why do people take photos?
            
                5 What kind of camera do you have?
            
                6 Should pictures be posted on the internet without permission?
            
                7 Have you ever wished you had not been in a particular picture?
            
                8 When can taking pictures be an invasion of your privacy?
            
                9 How do you like to look at photos?
            
                10 What do you do if your friend sends the guy you like bad pictures of you without her asking permission first?
            
                11 Do you have a camera?
            
                12 Do you always bring a camera wherever you go for vacation?
            
                13 Are you a camera-shy? Or you like taking photos of yourself?
            
                14 Do you like taking pictures? Is it really important to have pictures?
            
                15 What places have you taken for a picture?
            
                16 Are pictures important for you?
            
                17 Do you have lots of pictures at your home?
            
                18 Do you keep them as memories?
            
                19 Are you photogenic? Or only attractive in person?
            
                20 Do you have pictures in which you are not appealing? When and where it was taken? Do you have pictures which you are attractive?  When and where it was taken?
            
                21 Do you have pictures of other people that you keep?
            
                22 Do you have a favorite photo of you?
            
                23 Do you have many pictures in here in this place?
            
                24 What place do you want to go to take a picture of yourself before you go will go back to Korea?
            
                25 Where did you get your passport photos taken?  Was the service good?
