
            
                1 Did you vote in the last election?
            
                2 How old were you when you first voted?
            
                3 What is the minimum voting age in your country?
            
                4 What type of political system does your country have?
            
                5 What different types of governments are there?
            
                6 What does an ambassador do?
            
                7 Who appoints an ambassador?
            
                8 Why is it important to have reliable ambassadors?
            
                9 What characteristics should a good ambassador have?
            
                10 What are the main political parties in your country?
            
                11 How do you decide how you will vote?
            
                12 Who represents you in your local and national government?
            
                13 How long is the term of elected officials in your country?
            
                14 Which party is now in power in your country?
            
                15 When were they elected?
            
                16 Who is the leader of this party?
            
                17 How has your political views changed during your lifetime?
            
                18 How can we get more people to vote?
            
                19 Is voting an important responsibility of a citizen?
            
                20 Why do you think voting is important?
            
                21 How are elections financed?
            
                22 Do you think too much money is spent on campaigns?
            
                23 How can campaigns be better organized?
            
                24 How could elections be more representative?
            
                25 What is your opinion about actors or actresses who run for a position in politics?
            
                26 Would you vote for an actor or actress who runs for a government office? Why or why not?
            
                27 Should voting be compulsory?
            
                28  What is your opinion about actors or actresses who run for a position in politics?
            
                29 What type of political system governs in your country?
            
                30 What are the main political parties in the country where you live?
            
                31 What politicians represent you in local and national government?
            
                32 Can you name the President of the United States?
            
                33 Which party is in power at the moment in your country? When were they elected? Who is the leader of this party? Do you agree with most of their policies?
            
                34 Have your political views changed much during your lifetime?
            
                35 Do you think that every future politician should be vetted for security reasons?
            
                36 Who is the most controversial politician in your country?
