
            
                1 How do the police help you?
            
                2 Are you afraid of the police?
            
                3 What are some situations when you would call the police?
            
                4 Can you think of some situations when you wouldn't want to call the police?
            
                5 Can you describe the police uniform of the policemen in your country?
            
                6 What do you think about police in your country? Are they effective? Do you trust them?
            
                7 Would you like to be a police officer?
            
                8 Do you think that it is a very dangerous job?
            
                9 Do you think that a male police officer is required to do different or more difficult or dangerous jobs than a female police officer?
            
                10 Do you have any friends that are police officers?
            
                11 Have you ever been stopped by the police?
            
                12 Have the police ever helped you? How?
            
                13 What is the general feeling towards police in your country, is it positive or negative?
            
                14 Do policemen in your country ask for bribes?
            
                15 Have you ever bribed the police? How much was the bribe?
            
                16 Did you bribe in U.S. dollars or local currency?
            
                17 Do you think police are well paid in your country?
            
                18 Have you ever seen a police officer collecting bribe before? Where and when?
            
                19 What do you think would happen if all police officers decide to go on a strike?
            
                20 Do you hate the police?
            
                21 Do you think the police in your country are corrupt?
            
                22 Do you want to be a policeman?
            
                23 How do you refer to a policeman in your country?
            
                24 Are there women who join the police force in your country?
            
                25 What are the qualities a good cop should have?
