
            
                1 What is poverty?
            
                2 What kind of problems do poor people have?
            
                3 Do you feel sorry for people who live on the street?
            
                4 Are people who live on the street necessarily lazy?
            
                5 Do you believe that the rich are growing richer, and the poor are growing poorer?
            
                6 Will there always be poverty in the world?
            
                7 Should countries send troops to foreign countries to fight terrorism, or should governments fight poverty around the world instead?
            
                8 Are there more important issues than poverty? If so, name them in order of importance.
            
                9 Why does every country in the world have poor people?
            
                10 Do you consider yourself to be poor, middle-class, or rich?
            
                11 What country do you think has the best record for helping its poor?
            
                12 What country do you think has the worst record for helping its poor?
            
                13 Does poverty cause crime?
            
                14 Have you ever donated to the food bank?
            
                15 Have you ever thought about going to the food bank?
            
                16 Do you know anyone who has gone to church for food?
            
                17 What programs does your city have for feeding the needy?
            
                18 What food programs does your country have?
            
                19 What do you think about people receiving welfare?
            
                20 Should the government fund the welfare system?
            
                21 What do you think of countries that do not have a welfare system?
            
                22 What do you think about people who work for cash and receive welfare as well?
            
                23 Should governments invest money in space missions or welfare?
            
                24 Would you eliminate the welfare system?
            
                25 Do you think it's okay for the government to keep decreasing the welfare amount?
            
                26 How long should someone receive welfare? Forever?
            
                27 What is a good reason for someone to receive welfare?
            
                28 What punishment would you give someone who is on welfare illegally, but has lots of money?
            
                29 Have you ever talked to a homeless person?
            
                30 Are there homeless people in your country?
            
                31 Have you ever helped a homeless person? How?
            
                32 How does the government in your country support the homeless?
            
                33 What do you think of governments who put the homeless in jails or even torture or kill them?
            
                34 Do you think the government should create jobs for the homeless, instead of just giving them money?
            
                35 Why do people end up being homeless?
