
            
                1 What is the age for mandatory retirement in your country?
            
                2 At this stage of your life, are you beginning to make plans for your retirement years? Why?
            
                3 What would be a perfect retirement for you?
            
                4  How would you rate your career in general? (For retired people)
            
                5 Ranging from 1-10, 10 being the highest, how would you rate your career? Why?
            
                6 Where would you like to spend your retirement years? Why?
            
                7 During retirement, where would you like to stay, in the city or in the province?
            
                8 Do you intend to look for another job after you retire? Why?
            
                9 In one word, how would describe your career?
            
                10 Would you like to spend the rest of your life in another country?
            
                11 Is it common in your country to leave for another one after retirement?
            
                12 In your culture, do the children have to support their parents financially after they retire?
            
                13 Would you like to live together with your children even if they are already married? Why?
            
                14 Do you have a pension plan?
            
                15 What are your goals before you retire?
            
                16 Would you consider retiring early if you make it big?
            
                17 Do you consider spending the rest of your career in your present company? Why?
            
                18 Five years from now, what do you think would be the improvements in your career?
            
                19 Do you expect any promotion sometime soon?
            
                20 Are you going to move to another company if you don't get the promotion you are expecting?
            
                21 Do you think you would be able to save enough for your retirement years?
            
                22 What is your major goal before you retire?
            
                23 If you can still work after your mandatory retirement, will you look for another job?
            
                24 Are you planning to open your own business when you retire?
            
                25 What kind of business would it be?
            
                26 What are the three (3) things you would like to accomplish/have before and after you retire?
            
                27 How would you spend your daily life after retirement?
            
                28 Five years from now, what do you think would be the improvements in your career? How about 10 to 20 years?
            
                29 Are you planning to open your own business when you retire? What kind of business would it be?
            
                30 What are the three things you would like to accomplish/have before and after you retire?
