
            
                1 What is the position of Russia in the modern world? What role does Russia play in world economy and policy?
            
                2 Is it important for Russia to be on good terms with the rest of the world? Or do you think Russia can manage without any support of other countries?
            
                3 Is it possible that Russia will become a superpower again? Under what conditions do you think this can happen?
            
                4 What states of the world are the closest friends of Russia today? Who are the enemies?
            
                5 Try to describe the relationship of Russia with former republics of the Soviet Union. What countries are (are not) our friends now?
            
                6 Do Russians like living in the Russian Federation more than in the Soviet Union? Are they more happy about their lives now than they used to be?
            
                7 Are there many Russians living in the former republic of the Soviet Union? What is their position in the society in such countries as Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Ukraine? What problems do these people face?
            
                8 Can you describe the gas conflict with Ukraine? What was the problem? What was the position of Europe?
            
                9 What is the relationship beetween Russia and the USA?
            
                10 Is it easy for Russians to get a visa to European countries and the USA?  What should you do in order to obtain the visa? Do you believe that the visa situation will ever change?
            
                11 How are Russians treated abroad? Give examples of different attitudes in different countries.  Have you ever been treated badly or in a particularly good way by someone who learned that you were Russian?
            
                12 What is the attitude of Russians to immigrants? From which countries do the immigrants come to Russia? What do they do here? Do you think we need immigrants or do you think that the government should introduce more strict immigration laws?
            
                13 What do you know about Russian immigrants to the west?  Has their life become better?  Which places of the world are especially popular with Russian immigrants?
            
                14 Would you like to spend the rest of your life in Russia? If not, what country would you like to live in?
            
                15 Do you agree that Russia has integrated into European society or do you think that Russia is still living it's own way?
            
                16 What do they mean when they speak about intervention of western mass culture to Russia? What do you think about it? Do you like it or not?
