
            
                1 Do you or anyone you know use a landscaping service?  Is it common in your country?
            
                2 If you had to send a package overseas right away, which service would you use? Why?
            
                3 How often do you use a dry cleaning service?  Do you ever decide not to buy an item of clothing because it requires dry cleaning?
            
                4 Have you ever had someone design a webpage for you? If so, tell us about it. If not, would you ever?  For what purpose?
            
                5 Do you ever use a gift wrapping service when you buy a gift from a store? When might you choose to use it?
            
                6 Have you ever planned a special event? A party? An Anniversary? A wedding?
            
                7 Is it common to use a house cleaning service in your country?  Does someone clean your house for you? Do you know many people who use a house cleaning service?
            
                8 How often do you use copying and printing services? What do you use them for?
            
                9 Do you feel you get more things done when you have a full schedule, or an almost empty schedule? Why?
            
                10 Would you hire someone to plan your wedding, or would you, your friends or family do the planning?
            
                11 Do you or your family ever hire someone to install home appliances, or do you prefer to do it yourself?
            
                12 If you were building an addition onto your home, how would you go about doing it? What would you do yourself, and what would you hire someone to do?
            
                13 Have you ever used a translation service? If so, for what purpose?  If not, would you ever?
            
                14 If your friend?s car broke down in your hometown, where would you recommend they get it repaired?
            
                15 If you had all the money you needed, what three services would you hire to make life easier?
            
                16 If I wanted to open a new restaurant in your hometown, what advice would you give me?
            
                17 What advice would you give a small business who is creating a website? What kind of information is most important to display?
