
            
                1 How many of hours sleep do you generally need per night?
            
                2 What time do you usually go to bed?
            
                3 What time do you usually wake up?
            
                4 Do you manage to sleep as much as you need? If not, why not?
            
                5 Have you ever suffered from insomnia?
            
                6 Do you suffer from insomnia? Are you a light sleeper or a heavy sleeper?
            
                7 What keeps you awake at night? (e.g. worrying too much about stuff, too much coffee, your partner's snoring, your neighbors' parties, an uncomfortable bed, a hot summer)
            
                8 Do you use, or have you ever used, any special methods that help you get to sleep?A strong nightcap? Sleeping pills?  Herbal remedies?  Counting sheep?  Meditation?
            
                9 Do you snore?
            
                10 Do you talk in your sleep?
            
                11 Do you ever oversleep?
            
                12 Do you need an alarm clock to wake up?
            
                13 Do you ever sleep in? (Sleep late in the morning)
            
                14 Do you fall asleep while watching the TV or reading?
            
                15 Do you have a nap at lunchtime or at another time of the day? Does it help?
            
                16 What do you wear in bed? (I hope this question's not too personal!)
            
                17 Do you have a duvet, or do you prefer sheets and a blanket? How big is your bed?
            
                18 Do you remember your dreams?
            
                19 Do you have a recurring dreams?
            
                20 Tell us about a memorable, enjoyable, or strange dream you've had?
            
                21 Do you suffer from nightmares? Can you remember any specific nightmare?
            
                22 Do you believe that it's possible to interpret dreams? Have you ever tried to interpret your own dreams?
