
            
                1 Are there food kitchens for the needy in your country?
            
                2 Are there homeless shelters in your country?
            
                3 Are there many homeless people where you live?
            
                4 Are there many suicides in your country?
            
                5 Are there nursing homes in your country?
            
                6 Do you agree that teachers should use corporal punishment as a means of discipline?
            
                7 Do you think it's acceptable for parents to use corporal punishment as a means of discipline? Why/why not?
            
                8 Do you think people should be allowed to smoke in public buildings?
            
                9 Do you think that minorities should be given job priority because of their race? Why/why not?
            
                10 Have you ever been a volunteer at a hospital?
            
                11 Have you ever experienced discrimination?
            
                12 Have you ever known someone with an addiction?
            
                13 In an overpopulated world, should people be free to have as many children as they want?
            
                14 Is there assistance available to people that are homeless?
            
                15 Is there public assistance in your country?
            
                16 What are some expectations parents have for their children?
            
                17 What are some reasons people use illegal drugs?
            
                18 What are some reasons that people become homeless?
            
                19 What are some things people can do to eliminate discrimination and prejudice?
            
                20 What are some ways we can help homeless people?
            
                21 What do you think is the most serious problem in the world?Why do you think so?What can we do as individuals to solve this problem?
            
                22 Do you think in vitro fertilization should be available to parents so they can choose the sex of their child?
            
                23 What do you think when you see a homeless person?
            
                24 What types of noise pollution do you hate the most?
            
                25 Have you ever experienced discrimination on a personal level?
            
                26 What is racism?
            
                27 What are some ways we can wear words and slogans? i.e. badges, clothes, hats etc.
            
                28 What should be done about football hooligans?
            
                29 Should drinking be allowed outdoors ( parks, squares, streets) as it is in Spain?s
            
                30 Is it morally right to spend a lot of money on pets, rather than helping people in need?
            
                31 Are you pro-life, or pro-choice? Why, and how do you see the opposing viewpoint?
            
                32 Do you believe in the individuals right to own firearms? How do feel about the right to carry  firearms? Have you ever had to carry a firearm?
            
                33 How would you prevent someone from committing suicide?
            
                34 What does G8 mean?
            
                35 Where will the G8 summit be held?
            
                36 Who will attend the G8 summit?
            
                37 What kind of people are members of the G8?
            
                38 Why do some people think graffiti is a problem for society?
            
                39 What is graffiti? Where do you see it? i.e. walls, trains
            
                40 What messages do you see? i.e. political, love messages, funny, personal, poetic?
            
                41 Should the government punish those who write graffiti?
            
                42 Should the government reserve places for those who want to write graffiti?
            
                43 Is graffiti a type of "art"?
            
                44 If you were allowed to write something, what would you say?
