
            
                1 Do you play any sports?
            
                2 Are you a good soccer player? Basketball player? Baseball player? Rugby player? Tennis player?
            
                3 Are you good at sports?What sports are you good at?Do you often play sports?
            
                4 Did your high school have a good baseball team?
            
                5 Do you ever listen to baseball games on the radio?
            
                6 Do you jog more than once a week?
            
                7 Do you know how to play golf?
            
                8 Do you like playing tennis?
            
                9 Do you like to snowboard?
            
                10 Do you like to watch sports on TV?
            
                11 Do you like watching car races?
            
                12 Do you think athletes earn enough money, not enough money or too much money?
            
                13 Do you think everybody should practice sports?
            
                14 Do you think playing sports helps people work better as a team at work?
            
                15 Do you think that parents are too involved in their children's sports activities?
            
                16 Have you ever been skiing?
            
                17 Have you ever been to a soccer game? An America football game? A baseball game?
            
                18 Have you ever played golf?
            
                19 Have you ever been to watch a professional sporting event?
            
                20 Have you ever played tennis with your mother?
            
                21 Have you ever tried snow boarding?
            
                22 How often do you exercise?
            
                23 How often do you go swimming?Where do you go?Who do you go with?
            
                24 How often do you go swimming? Is it good that professional sports are so commercial nowadays?Go scuba diving? Go surfing? Go snokling?
            
                25 Is it good that professional sports are so commercial nowadays?
            
                26 Were you on any sports teams in high school?How about junior high school?How about now?
            
                27 What do you think is the most popular sport in the world?
            
                28 What do you think of pro wrestling? Thai kick boxing? Japanese sumo?
            
                29 What do you think of women playing hockey professionally?
            
                30 What do you think the top five most watched sports are in the world?
            
                31 What is the most dangerous sport?
            
                32 What is the most expensive sport?
            
                33 What is your favorite team sport?
            
                34 What is your favorite summer sport?
            
                35 What is your favorite winter sport?
            
                36 What new sports would you like to try?
            
                37 What sport do you think is the most dangerous?
            
                38 What sport do you think is the most expensive?
            
                39 What sports did you do in junior high school?How about high school?How about now?
            
                40 What sports do you like to play?
            
                41 What sports do you like to watch live?
            
                42 What sports do you like to watch on TV?
            
                43 What sports do you think are the best?
            
                44 What's a sport that you don't like? Why don't you like it?
            
                45 What's your favorite baseball team?
            
                46 What's your favorite sport?Why do you like it?How often do you play it?How often do you watch it?
            
                47 When did you start playing tennis? Learn to swimming? Learning to snowboard?
            
                48 Where is the nearest stadium to your house?
            
                49 Which do you prefer, baseball or volleyball? Tennis or golf? Soccer? American football?
            
                50 Which sport would you not let your child play? Why?
            
                51 Who do you think is the best all around athlete in the world? In your country?
            
                52 Who is your favorite professional athlete? Why?
            
                53 Who swims better, your mother or your father?
            
                54 Would you like to become a champion at Wimbledon?
            
                55 Would you rather go swimming or skiing?
            
                56 How do you feel about extreme sports? Would you like to try any of these?
            
                57 Does it bother you that people gamble on sporting events?
            
                58 Is fishing viewed as a sport in your culture or solely a way of making a living?
            
                59 If you had the opportunity to do away with any sport, what sport would you do away with? Why?
            
                60 Do you think professional athletes earn too much money? Why or why not? Which sport's athletes do you think earn the money money?
            
                61 Are people in your country crazy about sports?
            
                62 Do professional athletes in your country make millions of dollars a year?
            
                63 Sometimes sports teams ask the city to help them build a new stadium. Do you think the city should give money for this? Why or why not?
            
                64 When the city helps build a new sports stadium, who benefits the most - the team, the city, the nearby businesses, or the sports fans?
            
                65 What are some of the benefits of sports?
            
                66 How are sports beneficial to you?
            
                67 What is your favorite winter activity?
            
                68 Do you like to ski?Are you a good skier?When did you learn to ski?How often do you ski?Who taught you to ski?
