
            
                1 Is your name in the telephone book? ?  Why or why not?
            
                2 What is an unlisted phone number?
            
                3 What kind of phone numbers can you find in the yellow pages of a phone book?
            
                4 How can you find someone's telephone number on the Internet?
            
                5 Have you ever called for pizza delivery?
            
                6 Have you ever called a business (airlines, ELI, auto repair, insurance, bank, etc.) for information?
            
                7 Have you ever had a problem with your phone bill? What did you do?
            
                8 Have you ever dialed the wrong number? What happened? How did you feel? (frustrated, embarrassed, relaxed, etc.)
            
                9 Have you ever left a voice mail or a message on an answering machine?
            
                10 What is good telephone etiquette? What is considered rude in your culture?
            
                11 How do you communicate with someone who is in another place/country?
            
                12 Do you have a cellular/mobile phone?
            
                13 How many phone calls do you usually receive and make in one day?
            
                14 Do receive phone calls when you are already engaged to another call?
            
                15 Do you have a cell phone?
            
                16 How many people in your family have a cell phone?
            
                17 What cellphone company do you use? How did you decide to use this company?Are you happy with this company?How long have you used that company?
            
                18 About how many text messages do you send in a day?
            
                19 Who pays for your cell phone?
            
                20 What kind of cell phone plan do you have with your carrier?
            
                21 Who is the youngest person you know who has a cell phone?
            
                22 What kind of features does your cell phones have?
            
                23 How long have you had a cell phone?
            
                24 Why have you decided not to have a cell phone?
            
                25 Is it in bad taste to leave your cell phone on when you are at a restaurant?
            
                26 What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of cell phones?
            
                27 Could you live without your mobile phone?
            
                28 How much do you spend a month on your cell phone?
            
                29 When did you first get a cell phone?
            
                30 Have your parents ever been angry with you because of your phone use?
            
                31 At what age do kids now get cell phones?
            
                32 Do you know how to use all the functions on your phone?
            
                33 Have you ever tried getting a date with your phone?
            
                34 Does it ever bother you when people use their cell phones?
            
                35 Are you worried about radiation from you cell phone?
            
                36 Who do you call most often?
            
                37 How many cell phones have you destroyed?
            
                38 What was the most expensive phone call you ever made?
            
                39 Are you allowed to have your mobile telephone switched on in class?
            
                40 Is it illegal to speak on your cell phone while you are driving in your country?
            
                41 Has your cell phone ever broken down? What did you do when your cell phone last malfunctioned?
            
                42 Have you ever lost your phone?
            
                43 Has your phone ever been stolen?
            
                44 Has your cell phone ever broken down?
            
                45 What did you do when your cell phone last malfunctioned?
            
                46 Did you ever let the telephone ring without answering it?
            
                47 What do you think about students who watch X-rated films in silent mode on their telephone in class rooms?
            
                48 Do receive phone calls when you are already engaged
            
                49 to another call?
            
                50 Are you aware of the current health risks associated with mobile phones?
            
                51 Do you ever plan to own a mobile phone in the future?
            
                52 Do you know of anybody who has had the mobile phone stolen?
            
                53 Do you know that mobile phones have been used as a method to bully?
            
                54  What reason do you have a mobile phone? Work/personal/emergency
            
                55 Have you ever driven using your mobile phone?
            
                56 Now that you own a mobile phone would you ever consider not possessing a phone in the future?
            
                57 On average how many hours do you use your mobile phone weekly?
            
                58 Do you feel that these risks would stop you from using your mobile phone?
            
                59 Mobile phones can be seen as fashion statement, can this put pressure on you to renew your phone to the newest model?
