
            
                1 What is one of your favorite TV shows?Why do you like it?When is it on?Does you father like it, too?
            
                2 Are you going to watch TV tonight?If so, what will you watch?
            
                3 What did you watch on TV yesterday?
            
                4 What is one of your favorite TV shows?Why do you like it?When is it on?Does you father like it, too?
            
                5 Do you like ___? (Insert the name of a TV show.)
            
                6 Do you prefer listening to the radio or watching TV?
            
                7 Do you think it is good for children to watch TV?
            
                8 Do you think TV is educational?
            
                9 Do you think there is too much violence on TV?
            
                10 Do you think that TV is a good thing?
            
                11 If you could design a new television show to boost ratings, what kind of show would it be?
            
                12 How often do you watch TV.
            
                13 What are the advantages of watching TV?
            
                14 What are the disadvantages of watching TV?
            
                15 What do you usually watch on TV?
            
                16 What kind of TV programs do you usually watch?
            
                17 What kind of TV shows do you not like? Why?
            
                18 What is your favorite program on cable TV.
            
                19 What channel is your favorite channel?  Why?
            
                20 Why do you like it?
            
                21 Which ones do you hate?
            
                22 What's your favorite commercial?
            
                23 Do you think there are subliminal messages?
            
                24 Do you think it's right to see naked women in TV commercials selling beauty products?
            
                25 What types of TV program are there?Which type do you like best?
            
                26 When do you usually watch TV?
            
                27 Do you think that TV makes people lazy?
            
                28 Do you think too much time is spent watching TV?
            
                29 Does TV make a person passive? Does TV take away a person's ability to think for himself or herself?
            
                30 Do you think that TV prevents people from communicating?
            
                31 What do you think of TV shows that are designed to "discover new talent?"
            
                32 If you couldn't watch TV at home but had to stay there, what would you do?
            
                33 Could you live without TV for a week?
            
                34 What do you think about reality shows?
            
                35 Would you participate in one if you were invited?
            
                36 Which channel do you like the best?
            
                37 Do you like watching TV alone or with your family?
            
                38 Who decides what to watch: the parent or the child?
            
                39 What do you think about Reality Shows?
            
                40 Is television one of the best inventions of all times?
            
                41 Why do you think television industry is so successful?
            
                42 What do you think of the "rubbish" programs on TV which are only dedicate to gossip about famous or pseudo famous people?
            
                43 There is a famous English saying that goes "you are what you eat." Does this apply to television? Can the programs you watch affect your behavior?
            
                44 What kind of entertainment do children like?
            
                45 Do you think children watch too much TV these days?
            
                46 What are the benefits of being an EU member?
            
                47 What are the drawbacks of being an EU member?
            
                48 Do you think that every future politician should be vetted for security reasons?
            
                49 Who is the most controversial politician in your country?
            
                50 Do you think there are any possible dangers to society from the material broadcast on TV channels?
            
                51 How do you feel when watching explicit scenes on TV with your parents? How do your parents usually react?
            
                52 Does violence on TV influence some young people to engage in violent behavior?
            
                53 What do you think should happen if a cell phone rings in class?  In a restaurant?  In a movie theater? During a concert or speech?
