
            
                1 Why do people use terror?
            
                2 What terror actions do you remember?
            
                3 What should be done to prevent terror?
            
                4 Are you afraid of traveling because of terror?
            
                5 Why is terror used more in some countries than others?
            
                6 Do you know of any forms of terror other than bombs?
            
                7 Have you been a victim of terror?
            
                8 Do you think terror is justified?
            
                9 How has airline travel been affected by terrorism?
            
                10 What do you think of airport security? Have you ever been patted down? Have you ever had a body scan?
            
                11 What do you think security personnel think when they see you in a body scanner?
            
                12 Is violence ever okay?
            
                13 Where were you during the 9/11 attack on the World Trade Center buildings in New York City?
            
                14 Are terror tactics ever effective? When?
            
                15 What is the difference between a 'freedom fighter' and a 'terrorist'? Is there a difference?
            
                16 Is it possible for governments to cause terror? If so, give examples.
            
                17 In your own words define the word "terrorism."
            
                18 What is terrorism about? Race? Religion?  Nationality?
            
                19 Can you name any terrorist groups?
            
                20 Can you name any fugitive terrorists?
            
                21 How do terrorist groups operate?
            
                22 What methods/tactics do terrorists use?
            
                23 Why do people commit terrorist acts?
            
                24 How much do you know about the Catholic/Protestant/Islamic religions?
            
                25 Is religion to blame for the increase in world terrorism? If so, how much?
            
                26 Which countries have been accused of harboring terrorists?
            
                27 Which countries have been victims of terrorist plots?
            
                28 What specific terrorist acts can you recall?
            
                29 Who's winning the war on terrorism?
            
                30 What do you believe is the best way to deal with terrorism?
            
                31 What can governments do to eradicate world terrorism?
            
                32 What kind of power could be given to special terrorist operations task-forces?
            
                33 Would you ever consider committing suicide for the sake of a cause you believe in?
            
                34 What cause would you fight for?
            
                35 Where do terrorists get their money and weapons from?
            
                36 If the money was right, would you work in a known terrorist-plagued state?
            
                37 Are governments listening hard enough to extremists? If not, why not?
            
                38 How much do you believe extremists are open to dialogue with Governing bodies?
            
                39 In your opinion will terrorism spread or decline in the future?
            
                40 Do you know anything about terrorist activities?
            
                41 Have you ever seen a terrorist?
            
                42 Do you have a friend of terrorist?
            
                43 What do you know about suicide bombers?
            
                44 Do you think that abusing a group of people can make them into terrorists?
