
            
                1 What makes it easy to talk to someone? What traits do you look for in a conversation partner?
            
                2 Tell about your favorite types of conversations to have? What do you talk about? How do you know the other person?
            
                3 Who is the best conversationalist that you have ever met? Why are they such a great conversationalist?
            
                4 Have you ever had a great conversation with a complete stranger?What made it so great? What did you talk about? Where were you?
            
                5 What is your role in a conversation? Do you dominate? Do you subordinate?
            
                6 What percent of a conversation do you spend talking? Have you ever tried to consciously change your conversational style?What did you change?
            
                7 What are some good habits you have in conversation?
            
                8 What are some bad traits you have in conversations?
            
                9 Who communicates better: men or women? What makes their style better? What makes it worse?
            
                10 Do you like to flirt? How do you flirt? What do you say?
            
                11 On a scale of 1-10, how do you rate your conversational skill with the opposite sex? Explain.
            
                12 How do conversations between men and women differ?
            
                13 Do you like to argue?What do you like to argue about?
            
                14 Do you always want to be right? What types of arguments do you hate to lose?
            
                15 What topics should you avoid when talking to a stranger? To a Swiss person? To a Japanese? To an American?
            
                16 What topics are taboos for your culture? What topics are taboo for you personally?
            
                17 Why do people like to learn bad words in another language?
            
                18 What do people do that drives you crazy in a conversation?
            
                19 How do you feel about talking on the phone? Why?
            
                20 Do you think that some conversations are easier to have on the phone? Face to face? What types of conversations, and why?
            
                21 What are some topics that you can't stand to talk about? Why?
            
                22 Do you have better conversations when you are drinking? How do your conversations change after you have been drinking?
            
                23 What was it? Explain.
            
                24 If you could relive any conversation of your life, what would it be? Why? Explain.
            
                25 How do you feel about being frank? Explain.
            
                26 How do you feel about blunt people? Is there such a thing as being too honest? Explain.
            
                27 In your experience, which country's people are the easiest to talk to? Explain.
            
                28 Which country's people are difficult to talk to? Explain.
            
                29 If you could have the voice of any famous person, whose voice would you want? Why?
            
                30 How do you feel about conversations with people older than yourself? Are there any older people who you have conversations with regularly? Who are they?
            
                31 Some people like to talk about things, and some people like to do things.  What kind of person are you? Explain.
            
                32 If you could have a conversation with any famous living person, who would you talk to? What would you talk about? Why would you want to talk about that? Explain.
            
                33 If you could have a conversation with a famous deceased person, who would you talk to? What would you talk about, and why?
            
                34 What kind of questions do you like to overhear? Where do you listen?
            
                35 If you had to choose, would you rather marry a partner who is handsome/beautiful and sexy, but who is a terrible conversationalist, or a partner who is a wonderful conversationalist, but who is less-attractive-than-average? Explain.
            
                36 What was a difficult conversation you had to have in your life? How did it turn out? What made it hard? Explain.
            
                37  Would you like to have a career that requires you to talk to a lot of people? Why? Which career?
            
                38 How can you improve your conversation skills? Explain.
