
            
                1 Are you on time?
            
                2 If you are late, what message does this send to the person who is waiting for you?
            
                3 Do you prefer to show up late or early?
            
                4 What is your busiest day of the week?
            
                5 Do you like to be busy, or do you like to have an easy schedule?
            
                6 What takes up most of your time?
            
                7 Do you think you manage your time wisely?
            
                8 Do you manage time, or does time manage you?
            
                9 What do you do if you show up too early for something?
            
                10 What do you do if you show up too late for something?
            
                11 What do you do if you forget an appointment?
            
                12 Do you spend a lot of time when preparing for something?
            
                13 How much time do you spend sleeping? Do you wish you could sleep more?
            
                14 Does waiting for something bother you?
            
                15 Do you get bored easily?
            
                16 Do you schedule out what you have to do every week? Do you make a schedule for every day?
            
                17 Are you good at getting things done on time?
            
                18 Do you think time moves slowly or quickly?
            
                19 What would you do if you had a few extra hours in a day?
            
                20 Would you rather have more time or more money?
            
                21 In your culture, is it polite to always show up on time, or to show up a little late?
            
                22 How important is time in your culture?
            
                23 Do you think people in America are too concerned with time?
            
                24 What time do you get up in the morning?
            
                25 What time do you go to bed?
            
                26 What time does school start?
            
                27 What time is it?
            
                28 What time do you go to work?
            
                29 What time does your work begin?
            
                30 What time does your work end?
            
                31 What time do you take a bath in the evening?
            
                32 When do you do your homework?
            
                33 What time do you like to get up?
            
                34 What time do you like to go to bed at night?
            
                35 What time do you think high school students should go to bed?
            
                36 What's the most significant time of your life? (Significant for any reason: because you liked it or hated it; because of your profession; because of a relationship; or because it was a turning point in your life)
            
                37 What's your perception of time now? Does it go by slowly or quickly? What does this depend on?
            
                38 Can you do without a watch or a clock? For how long?
            
                39 If you could stop time, what would you do and why?
            
                40 Are you a "night owl" or an "early bird"?
            
                41 Which time of day do you feel you are most productive in your work or study?
            
                42 If you are a punctual person and your mate is not, how do you resolve conflicts that arise?
            
                43 If you had the power to stop and restart time, when would you use it?
            
                44 If time travel were possible, which period of world history would you like to return to? Why?
            
                45 How far into the future would you like to travel? What do you hope to see?
            
                46 On your time travels, you can take five objects to show people what life is like towards the end of the 20th century. What five objects would you take? Why?
            
                47 Which famous person from the past would you most like to meet? Why? What would you ask this person? How would you spend the time with this person?
