
            
                1 At what age does the average person obtain a driver's license?
            
                2 Can you ride a motorcycle?
            
                3 Do you drive a car often?
            
                4 Have you ever gotten a parking ticket?
            
                5 Are there speed limits in your country? If so, what is the average speed limit?
            
                6 Do you have a bicycle?If so, when did you get it?How much did it cost?How often do you ride it?What color is it?
            
                7 Do you have a car? If not, does your family have a car?
            
                8 Do you have a driver's license? If so, when did you get it?
            
                9 Do you often ride public transportation during rush hour?
            
                10 Do you often use public transportation?
            
                11 Do you ride a bicycle more than once a week?
            
                12 Do you always wear a seat belt?Even if you are riding in the rear seat?How about on a bus?
            
                13 Does your mother have a driver's license?
            
                14 Have you ever been in a traffic accident?
            
                15 Have you ever been stopped for speeding?(Have you ever gotten a speeding ticket?)
            
                16 Have you ever missed your last train or bus home? If so, how did you get home that night?
            
                17 Have you ever ridden a horse? How about a motorcycle?
            
                18 Have you every carpooled?
            
                19 How do you get to school?How long does it take?How much is the bus fare or the train fare?
            
                20 How do you think countries can reduce congestion on the roads?
            
                21 How many times have you traveled by airplane?
            
                22 How much does gasoline cost is your country?
            
                23 Is parking a problem in your country? (shopping malls, etc)
            
                24 Is there any environmentally-friendly transportation in your area?
            
                25 What are the most annoying bad driving habits of other drivers in your country (/or this country /or compared to this country)?
            
                26 What do you have to do to get a driver's license in your country? Do you think it's a good test?
            
                27 What do you need to do in your country to get a driver's license?
            
                28 What do you think is the most dangerous form of transportation? Why?
            
                29 What do you think is the safest form of transportation? Why?
            
                30 What do you usually do when riding a train or bus?Do you read?Do you sleep?
            
                31 What is the penalty for speeding in your country?
            
                32 What is your favorite kind of car? Why?
            
                33 What is your favorite make of car? Why?
            
                34 What kind of car do you have?
            
                35 What kind of things annoy you about other people's driving?
            
                36 What kind of transportation do you use most often?
            
                37 What's the most readily available form of public transportation where you live?
            
                38 What's your favorite color for a car?
            
                39 What's your favorite form of transportation?
            
                40 When was the last time you rode a bus?
            
                41 Where is a good place to go for a drive?
            
                42 Would you like to go on a cruise? Why or why not?
            
                43 Do you sometimes take a taxi (cab)?
            
                44 How do you "call" a taxi in your country from the side of the road? (ex. raise your hand in the air, etc.) Is it expensive to take a taxi in your country? Are there seat-belts in the taxis? Is it common to give the cab driver a tip? If so, about how much do you give? Does the cab driver open the door for you, or do you open it yourself? Is it more appropriate to sit in the front or back of the taxi?
            
                45 How important do you think it is to use public transportation?
            
                46 Do you think that governments should encourage public transportation more?
            
                47 Do you think city governments should discourage use of privately driven cars within city limits?
            
                48 Do you have good public transportation where you live?
            
                49 How could public transportation in your city be improved?
            
                50 Do you think that we ought to be obligated to drive electrical and solar powered vehicles?
            
                51 Is the public transportation in your city efficient?
            
                52 Is public transportation in your city too expensive?
            
                53 If public transportation were free, would you use it more?
            
                54 Do you think that your city government maintains the public transportation well? In other words, are the buses and trains kept clean?
            
                55 Do you feel safe when you use public transportation?
            
                56 Do you feel safe going into the subway/metro/underground at all hours?
