
            
                1 Have you ever been abroad?
            
                2 Where have you been?
            
                3 Are you planning on going anywhere for your next vacation?If so, where?Who with?How long will you stay?
            
                4 Are you afraid of going abroad alone?
            
                5 Could you live in another country for the rest of your life?
            
                6 Describe the most interesting person you met on one of your travels.
            
                7 What was your best trip.
            
                8 What was your worst trip.
            
                9 Did your class in high school go on a trip together?If so, where did you go?How long did you stay?How did you get there?
            
                10 Do you have a driver's license?
            
                11 Do you like to travel with children? Why or why not?
            
                12 Do you like to travel with your mother? Why or why not?
            
                13 Do you prefer summer vacations or winter vacations?
            
                14 Do you prefer to travel alone or in a group? Why?
            
                15 Do you prefer to travel by train, bus, plane or ship?
            
                16 Do you prefer traveling by car or by plane?
            
                17 Have you ever been in a difficult situation while traveling?
            
                18 Have you ever been on an airplane?How many times?What airlines have you flown with?
            
                19 Have you ever been to a foreign country?
            
                20 Have you ever gotten lost while traveling? If so, tell about it.
            
                21 Have you ever hitchhiked? If so, how many times?
            
                22 Have you ever taken a package tour?
            
                23 How do you spend your time when you are on holiday and the weather is bad?
            
                24 How many countries have you been to? How many states?
            
                25 How many times have you traveled abroad?
            
                26 How much luggage do you usually carry?
            
                27 If you traveled to South America, what countries would like to visit?
            
                28 If you went to ___(Insert a country name)__, what kind of souvenirs would you buy?
            
                29 If you were going on a camping trip for a week, what 10 things would you bring? Explain why.
            
                30 What are some countries that you would never visit? Why would you not visit them?
            
                31 What are some things that you always take with you on a trip?
            
                32 What countries would you like to visit? Why?
            
                33 What countries would you most like to visit?
            
                34 What countries would you not like to visit? Why?
            
                35 What country do you most want to visit?Why?Do you think you will ever go there?
            
                36 What do you need before you can travel to another country?
            
                37 What is the most interesting city to visit in your country?
            
                38 What is the most interesting souvenir that you have ever bought on one of your holidays?
            
                39 What languages can you speak?
            
                40 What place do you want to visit someday?
            
                41 What was the most interesting place you have ever visited?
            
                42 What's the most beautiful place you've ever been to?
            
                43 When was the last time your traveled?
            
                44 When you are on a long car journey do you play games or sing songs to occupy your time?What kind of games?What songs?
            
                45 Where are you going to go the next time you travel?When are you going to go?Who are you going to go with?How long are you going to go for?What are you going to do there?What kind of things do you think you will buy?
            
                46 Where did you go on your last vacation?How did you go?Who did you go with?
            
                47 Where did you spend your last vacation? Your summer vacation? Your Christmas vacation?
            
                48 Where will you go on your next vacation?
            
                49 Would you like to take a cruise? Where to? With who?
            
                50 Do you prefer traveling on a hovercraft or a ferry?
            
                51 Would you prefer to stay at a hotel/motel or camp while on vacation?
            
                52 Would you rather visit another country or travel within your own country?
            
                53 Would you rather go to a place where there are a lot of people or to a place where there are few people?
            
                54 Do you find more fulfillment from your leisure activities including vacations than from your job?
            
                55 Do you think the type of vacation one takes reflects one's social status?
            
                56 What are popular tourist destinations in your country?Have you been to any of them?Which would you recommend if you could only recommend one? Why?
            
                57 Do you prefer active or relaxing holidays? Why?
            
                58 Which is better, package tour or a tour you organize and book yourself?
            
                59 Why do you travel?Why do people travel?
            
                60 Would you like to go back to the same place?
            
                61 Did you find anything of particular interest? / Did you get attracted to anything special?
            
                62 What are some benefits of travel?Why do people travel?
            
                63 What is your favorite mode of travel?
            
                64 Have you travelled in business class?
            
                65 When you were a child did your family take a vacation every year?
            
                66 Do you prefer a budget or first class hotel? Why?
            
                67 Do you travel with a lot of baggage or do you like to travel light?
            
                68 What is your favorite method of travel at your destination? Train? Bus? Boat? Bicycle? Backpacking?
            
                69 What is the best kind of holiday for different ages of people? Children? Teenagers? Adults? Elderly people?
            
                70 Do you think it is a good idea to travel with friends, or alone? How about with your family?
            
                71 If you had $100,000, where would you go on holiday? How about if you had $10,000? What about $1,000?
            
                72 Which countries have you travelled to?
            
                73  Do you prefer hot countries or cool countries when you go on holiday
            
                74 Who makes the decisions when your family decides to go on holiday
            
                75 If you could choose one place to go this weekend, where would it be?
            
                76 Has the airline ever lost your luggage? What happened?
            
                77 On long flights do you usually walk around the plane to avoid health problems?
            
                78 Have you ever read an interesting question in an in-flight magazine? What was it?
            
                79 Is there any difference between young tourists and adult tourists?
            
                80 Do you think tourism will harm the earth?
