
            
                1 What language is this word?
            
                2 Why is this word used internationally?
            
                3 What is the difference between a "tsunami" and a "tidal wave"?
            
                4 What is another word for tsunami?
            
                5 What is the origin of the word tsunami?
            
                6 What does it mean?
            
                7 What could your class do to help victims of a tsunami?
            
                8 How can people help victims of a tsunami?
            
                9 Have you ever volunteered for a group that helps victims of a natural disasters?
            
                10 What are some groups or organizations that help the victims of natural disasters?
            
                11 What outside aid might come in cases of a tsunami emergency?
            
                12 How might people be educated to understand the dangers of a tsunami?
            
                13 What methods might be used to help family get back together after a tsunami? To identify corpses?
            
                14 How might a family prepare for a tsunami emergency?
            
                15 Why is a tsunami an emergency?
            
                16 Why is a tsunami so dangerous?
            
                17 How should countries respond to natural disasters?
            
                18 What are some essential things that are needed after a natural disaster?
            
                19 Is the newspaper or television always correct?
            
                20 Have you ever experienced a tsunami?
            
                21 Do you know anyone who has experienced the tsunami disaster?
            
                22 Do you know someone who has been affected by a tsunami?
            
                23 What causes a tsunami?
            
                24 Is there an early warning system for tsunamis in the area you live?
            
                25 What are some areas of the world that have many tsunamis?
            
                26 How do you know that a tsunami is going to hit soon?
            
                27 How fast do tsunamis travel?
            
                28 Can you surf on a tsunami?
            
                29 What are you suppose to do when you know a tsunami is coming?
            
                30 Why does the sea water level go down very low right before a tsunami hits?
            
                31 What are the immediate health effects of tsunami?
            
                32 What are the secondary (short term) health effects of tsunami?
            
                33 What are the long term health effects of tsunami?
            
                34 When do you know it is safe to return to your home?
            
                35 What kind of ecological damage do tsunamis cause?
            
                36 How fast do tsunamis travel in the ocean?
