
            
                1 Does the President of the United States play an important role in the world today? Why or why not?
            
                2 In your opinion, who was the best leader of the United States of America? Who was the worst?
            
                3 Who was George Washington? Please say what you know about him.
            
                4 Who was Abraham Lincoln? Please say what you know about him.
            
                5 Who was John F. Kennedy? Please say what you know about him.
            
                6 Who was Dr. Martin Luther King? Please say what you know about him.
            
                7 What do you know about President Jimmy Carter? President George Herbert Walker Bush (George W. Bush's father)? President Ronald Reagan?
            
                8 What do you know about President Bill Clinton?
            
                9 What did people in your country think about President Clinton?
            
                10 What do you know about President George W. Bush?
            
                11 What did people in your country think about President Bush?
            
                12 Can you name the two major political parties in the United States?
            
                13 Who were the candidates for president of the United States in 2008?
            
                14 What do you know about John McCain?
            
                15 Do you know why John McCain was a prisoner of war in North Vietnam?
            
                16 Do you think that 72 years old was too old to be president?
            
                17 Who is Sarah Palin?  Do you know what state she is from?
            
                18 What do you know about Barack Obama?
            
                19 What are Mr. Obama's strong points and weak points?
            
                20 Did you think that Americans were ready to elect an African American as president?
            
                21 What kinds of Americans supported Mr. Obama?
            
                22 Did people in your country hope that Obama would be elected president? Why or why not?
            
                23 Some people think that Mr. Obama could be a very good or even a great president. Do you agree or disagree?
            
                24 What are some of the major problems that President Obama faces?
            
                25 Do you think that President Obama will be able to help solve some of these problems?
            
                26 Do you think that President Obama will be able to create a better relationship between your country and the United States?
            
                27 What are your hopes for the relationship between your country and the United States?
            
                28 How do you think the relationship between your country and the United States will develop in the future?
            
                29 What are some solutions to some of the major problems that the world faces?
            
                30 Do you think countries can truly work together to solve the world's problems?
            
                31 Do you think that countries will solve the world's problems together?
