
            
                1 Describe a mistake or something you should not have done since being in university.
            
                2 Can you explain the process of registering for a class/course?
            
                3 What celebrations/festivals/events do you enjoy the most? Why?
            
                4 What's the best excuse you've heard or given for missing a class?
            
                5 How has your life changed since beginning college?
            
                6 How much note taking do you do in most of your classes?
            
                7 How often do you reread or organize your notes from a professor's lecture?
            
                8 What are some advantages in studying with sophomore/junior/senior students/friends or with older students?
            
                9 If you wanted to, when could you fit in more study time?
            
                10 What do you fear most about next semester's classes?
            
                11 What was your biggest fear before you began your freshman year of college?
            
                12 How much of the course material is covered by the professors in your classes?
            
                13 During classes, do you like working in student groups or working alone? Why?
            
                14 What are some advantages of studying alone? Disadvantages?
            
                15 What are some advantages of studying in groups? Disadvantages?
            
                16 Do you prefer to study with friends/classmates or to study alone?
            
                17 Do you have easy access to your professors outside of class?
            
                18 How often do you read ahead for your classes?
            
                19 What can/do you do if you fall behind in your classes?
            
                20 What do you plan to do during the summer vacation?
            
                21 What's your biggest motivation for your university life?
            
                22 What can you do if you don't like your roommates?
            
                23 Are the counselors at school helpful?
            
                24 What's your favorite spot on campus?
            
                25 What's your favorite way to take a 'short' break from studying at night?
            
                26 What do you miss most about your home and your hometown?
            
                27 What's your best memory? What's your worst memory?
            
                28 Are you a member of any student organization?
            
                29 What extracurricular activities are you involved in?
            
                30 If you were not attending college now, what would you be doing? Where? Why?
            
                31 What are some qualities of a good student?
            
                32 What are some qualities of a good teacher?
            
                33 How do you travel to your classes everyday?
            
                34 What advantages are there to home schooling?
            
                35 How can classes or classrooms be improved? What would be the effect?
            
                36 If you became president of your university, what changes would you make? Why?
            
                37 If you became president of your university, which rule would you abolish (cancel)?
            
                38 What is the biggest difficulty in being a college student?
            
                39 Why is a college education important?
            
                40 What does a college education provide?
            
                41 How much is tuition do you pay?
            
                42 What kinds of scholarships are there for students at your school?
            
                43 What must you do to receive a college diploma?
            
                44 Where is the best place for you to study? Why?
            
                45 How many hours do you spend on homework or studying each night?
            
                46 What do you do on campus when you're not studying?
            
                47 Which class or subject is most important for your future job?
            
                48 What is your favorite class or subject? Why?
            
                49 How can a student receive a scholarship?
            
                50 How many back-to-back classes do you have?
            
                51 What is a disadvantage of back-to-back classes?
            
                52 Why are you attending college?
            
                53 After your grade point average (GPA), what is the 2nd most important thing in college?
            
                54 Do most of your professors or instructors take attendance? Why?
            
                55 How often do your professors let class out early?
            
                56 Which do you prefer more, morning or afternoon classes? Why?
            
                57 What time does your first class begin tomorrow?
            
                58 The cost of university education is becoming very expensive in many countries. How can we make the cost of education more affordable to the general public?
