
            
                1 What is a volunteer project?
            
                2 Why do people volunteer?
            
                3 Would you like to work as a volunteer?
            
                4 Have you ever done any volunteer work?
            
                5 Is volunteering worth the time it takes?
            
                6 Why would you enjoy volunteering?
            
                7 Do you know anyone who has done volunteer work? Where and why did they volunteer?Could you and would you like to work as a volunteer in the same way?
            
                8 What could you do to help if you had no money?
            
                9 What is volunteer work? What is your definition of volunteer work? What is the dictionary definition of volunteer?
            
                10 Have you ever benefitted by someone's volunteer work? What is volunteer screening?
            
                11 What organizations do volunteer work?What kind of work do they do?
            
                12 What situations need volunteer workers?Can you think of different types of volunteer work?Can you think of examples of professional and amateur volunteering?
            
                13 Have you and your family ever worked on a volunteer project together?What did you do?
            
                14 What are volunteer activities that people do?
            
                15 Can you think of ways to help people who need help?
            
                16 Have you ever done any volunteer work? Did you do it alone, with friends or with your family?Did you make new friends while you were doing the work?
            
                17 Have you ever volunteered to help victims of natural disasters? Why?
            
                18 Would you volunteer to help people outside your community? Would you volunteer to help people outside your country?
            
                19 Have you ever volunteered to help victims of natural disasters? Why or why not?
            
                20 What are some organizations through which you can volunteer?
            
                21 What benefits do you get personally by volunteering?
            
                22 How did you feel about volunteering before you started work?How did you feel during the work?How did you feel after you had finished the work?
            
                23 What are some organizations through which you can volunteer? What kind of work did they do?
            
                24 What are some websites maintained by volunteer organizations?
            
                25 Have you read a book about volunteer work?
            
                26 Can you list some reasons why people volunteer?
            
                27 How can volunteers benefit from their work?
            
                28 Why would you enjoy certain types of volunteer work?
            
                29 What types of volunteer work would be unpleasant for you?
            
                30 What benefits other than personal satisfaction could you personally get by volunteering?
            
                31 Is volunteering worth the cost to you?In what situations and at what times in your life could you afford to volunteer?
            
                32 Do you know anyone who has done volunteer work?Where did they work and why did they volunteer?
            
                33 Is there a history of volunteerism in your country?Can you find information about volunteering in your country and two other countries?
            
                34 Can a volunteer be treated the same as paid staff?
            
                35 Should you volunteer if your main reason is to benefit monetarily or materialistically? (i.e.. Getting first pick at donated merchandise. Underpricing merchandise for your friends or family.)
