
            
                1 What is your attitude toward marriage? Do you think it is important to get married before moving in with your boyfriend\girlfriend?
            
                2 Will you feel comfortable living together without the official registration? What about having a baby? Do you think parents should be married or it is not important?
            
                3 What positive or negative changes take place in the life of a couple after marriage?
            
                4 What is the best age for a man or woman to get married?
            
                5 Can you tell me about the wedding traditions in your country?
            
                6 What do you know about wedding agencies? What services do they provide? Would you address to a wedding agency for help or would you organize everything yourself?
            
                7 How much does it cost to organize a wedding ceremony? What are the main expense items?
            
                8 What is your attitude toward a church wedding ceremony? Do you think it is necessary?
            
                9 Describe the wedding you've been to or heard about. Who got married? What was the program of the day? What were your impressions of that wedding?
            
                10 What is your attitude toward wedding ceremonies? What is better, to have a traditional wedding with guests invited, wedding dress and the banquet or to have just an official registration without any guests? What are the pros and cons of organizing a wedding with guests, wedding dress and so on?
            
                11 What gifts do guests usually give to the bride and groom?  What do you think is the best gift? Have you heard of some unusual gifts given to a couple?
            
                12 What presents are usually given to the bride on a bridal shower?
            
                13 What is prenup? What is usually stated there? What is your attitude to signing a prenup?  Do you think it is necessary?
            
                14 What is your attitude to same sex weddings? In what countries are they legalized?
            
                15 What is the divorce rate in your country? What are traditional grounds for divorce?
