
            
                1 If you had only 24 hours to live, what would you do?
            
                2 If a classmate asked you for the answer to a question during an exam while the teacher was not looking, what would you do?
            
                3 If someone's underwear was showing, would you tell them?
            
                4 If the whole world were listening, what would you say?
            
                5 If one song were to describe your life, what song would it be?
            
                6 If you bumped your car into another car, but nobody saw you do it, would you leave your name and address?
            
                7 If you could ask God any one question, what would it be?
            
                8 If you could be an animal, what animal would you be?
            
                9 If you could be a bird, what bird would you choose to be?
            
                10 If you could be a plant, what plant would you choose to be?
            
                11 If you could be another man or woman for a day, who would you choose?
            
                12 If you could be another person for a day, who would you be?
            
                13 If you could be invisible for a day what would you do and why?
            
                14 If you could change one thing about your spouse or significant other, what would it be?
            
                15 If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
            
                16 If you could change one thing in the world, what would it be?
            
                17 If you could choose how you were going to die, what would you choose your death to be?
            
                18 If you could choose to live on a different planet, which one would you choose?
            
                19 If you could commit any crime and get away with it, what would you do?
            
                20 If you could date a celebrity, who would you choose?
            
                21 If you could have only one food for the rest of your life (assuming that this strange situation would not affect your health), which food would you choose?
            
                22 If you could hear what someone is thinking for a day, who would you choose?
            
                23 If you could live anywhere, where would you live?
            
                24 If you could meet any famous person, dead or alive, who would it be and why?
            
                25 If you could speak any other language (besides English) which language would you like to speak?
            
                26 If you could spend a day with any celebrity, who would it be and what questions would you ask that person?
            
                27 If you could take a vacation anywhere in the world for any length of time, where would you go?if you could go anywhere in the world for a holiday, where would you go?
            
                28 If you could travel back in time, where would you go?
            
                29 If you didn't have enough money to get the bus home what would you do?
            
                30 If you discovered a new island, what would you name it and why?
            
                31 If you got arrested for murder, whom would you call with your telephone call from prison? And why?
            
                32 If you had an accident and you had to be at home to recover for a long time, what would you do to relieve the boredom?
            
                33 What would you do if you were at home at night alone and you heard a noise in your flat/house that seemed to be footsteps? Would you stay calm or would you panic?
            
                34 What would you do if you found the wallet of your next door neighbor who you hated?
            
                35 If you could have any car you wanted, which car would you choose? Would it be practical or flashy?
            
                36 If your car broke down on the motorway, what would you do? Would you try to fix it yourself?
            
                37 If you could solve the problem of hunger in the third world or repair the ozone, which would you do?
            
                38 If you could stop a bad habit that you have, what would you stop?
            
                39 If you could go back to any moment in history, where would you go?
            
                40 If you could be famous (a household name), what would you like to be famous for?
            
                41 If you were on holiday and you lost your passport, would you know what to do?
            
                42 If you were offered a job in another part of the country, would you be willing to take the job, assuming that the pay is very good?
            
                43 If your partner were offered a job in another part of the country, which was well paid, would you be willing to change places?
            
                44 If you were in the bank and somebody started to hold up the bank, what would you do? How would you react?
            
                45 If you had one wish, what would you wish for?
            
                46 If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, which song would you choose?
            
                47 If only one book existed, which book would you like it to be?
            
                48 If you could do any job, what would you like to do?
            
                49 If you could move anywhere, where would you like to live?
            
                50 If you found a suitcase full of $1,000,000, what would you do?
            
                51 If you found a wallet with £1,000 in it, what would you do?
            
                52 If you had 25-hour days (while everyone else continued to have 24-hour days), what would you do with the extra time?
            
                53 If you had the opportunity to be different, what would you change?
            
                54 If you had time machine, where would you go and why?
            
                55 If you had to choose between a wonderful romantic relationship that would end after only a year, or a so-so relationship that would last your entire life, which one would you choose?
            
                56 If you had to choose between love and no money or money and no love for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
            
                57 If you had to choose, would you give up your sight or your hearing?
            
                58 If you received lottery tickets as a gift at the office party, and you won $30,000.00, would you share the winnings with the person that gave you the gift?
            
                59 If you saw a robbery, would you report it?
            
                60 If you saw your zipper was down and people had noticed, what would you do?
            
                61 If you speak two languages and your spouse (husband or wife) speaks only one, will you raise your children to be bilingual?
            
                62 If you were candy, what candy would you be?
            
                63 If you were a monster, what monster would you be?
            
                64 If you were a toy, what toy would you be?
            
                65 If you were abducted by aliens, would you tell anybody? Why or why not?
            
                66 If you were American/Chinese/Mexican, how would your life be different?
            
                67 If you were asked to choose which time period you would like to live in, which century would you choose?
            
                68 If you were asked to speak to a graduating class, what would you say?
            
                69 If you were given a chance to go to the moon, would you go? Why or why not?
            
                70 If you were given a choice between being given great wisdom or great wealth, which would you choose?
            
                71 If you were given an opportunity to be born again, in which country would you like to be born?
            
                72 If you were given an opportunity to be born again, what kind of person would you choose to be?
            
                73 If you were given one million dollars, what would you buy?
            
                74 If you were given the opportunity to be born again, how would you change how you lived?
            
                75 If you were given the opportunity to mold your partner the way you wanted, how would you mold your partner?
            
                76 If you were given three wishes, what would you wish for?
            
                77 If you were God, how would you transmit or let people know your message?
            
                78 If you were going to a deserted island and could only take three things with you, what would you take? Why?
            
                79 If you were marooned on a desert island with one other person how would you survive?
            
                80 If you were invited to have tea with the Queen of England, what would say?
            
                81 If you were the leader of your country, what would you change?
            
                82 If you were the President of the United States, what problem or concern would you work on first?
            
                83 If you were told that you were going to die tomorrow, what would you do today?
            
                84 If you were walking through the forest and you suddenly saw a tiger, what would you do?
            
                85 If you woke up suddenly because your house was on fire, which three things would you save as you ran outside?
            
                86 If you worked for a store and you saw another employee steal something, would you tell the manager?
            
                87 If your friend could not have a child, would you carry her child for her?
            
                88 If you saw someone in public with toilet paper stuck to their shoe, would you tell them?
            
                89 If you could change one thing that you did that was bad, perhaps a crime or some wrong you did to another person, what would it be?
            
                90 If you were told you had a terminal illness and had six months to live. What three things would be most important for you to do?
            
                91 If your doctor has just told you that you have a month to live, what would you do in that stretch of time?If your doctor told you that you had only one month to live, how would you use the time left?
            
                92 What if you have to sacrifice yourself for the sake of saving your mother? What would you do?
            
                93 If you could live perfectly well without sleeping, if you had no need to sleep at all, how would you spend all your nights?
            
                94 If you could be married with a foreign (man/woman), how do you think your life would change?
            
                95 If you had a chance to choose a poor (man/woman) as a (husband/wife) from your culture or a rich (man/woman) from another culture, which would you choose?
            
                96 If you got into traffic accident, what would you do first?
            
                97 If you could be God, what would you do for humanity?
            
                98 If you could receive praise from a person, what person would it be?What kind of praise would you like to receive?
            
                99 If you were a color, what color would you be and why?
            
                100 If you were a fruit, what fruit would you be and why?
            
                101 If you had a time machine and you could be transported to any time, the past or the future. What time would you choose?
            
                102 If you could ask an All-Knowing Being one question about life, what would it be?
            
                103 If you could have dinner with anyone (dead or alive), who would you choose, and why?
            
                104 If you could live forever on earth as it is now, would you? Why or why not?
            
                105 If you could have a free chip put in your brain so that you would automatically be able to speak and understand another language besides English, which language would it be and why?
            
                106 If you were the Queen or King of Britain for a day, what would you do?
            
                107 If you were the President of the USA for a day, what would you do?
            
                108 If you had to spend 100 days on a desert island, what five things would you take with you and why?
            
                109 If the U.S. attacked North Korea, what would happen?
            
                110 If you lost your bathing suit while you were swimming, what would you do?
            
                111 If you woke up one morning to find you had switched bodies with someone you know. what would you do?
            
                112 If you could have any one supernatural power (flying, being invisible), which would you choose and why?
            
                113 If you could say a sentence which the whole world could hear, what would you say?
            
                114 If you were a loin would you like to eat a man?
            
                115 If you could choose to live anywhere in the world where would you prefer to live?
            
                116 If your spouse cheated on you, what would you do?
            
                117 If you were given a choice to live as long as you want, how long would you like to live?
            
                118 If we could live for 300 years, what would the life be like?
            
                119 If you could change sexes for a day, would you? What would you do if you did swap?
            
                120 If you were a famous film star, what crazy things would you ask for in your dressing room?
            
                121 If you you could stop time, what would you do and why?
            
                122 If you you had to kill a highly religious figure to save your terminal son. Would you do it?
            
                123 If tomorrow morning when you get up, you can't find people on the streets, in the city, or in the country and later you discover you are the only human being on the earth.
            
                124 If you would have a chance would you change something in the history, risking that, your parents never will meet with each other and you never will be born?
            
                125 If you were given choice to live as long as you like, how long would you like to live?
            
                126 If you could change one thing about your life what would it be and why?
            
                127 What if you could relive any moment in your life which moment would it be and why?
            
                128 If you could be a character from a movie, who would you be and why ?
            
                129 If you could only see three people for the rest of your life who would it be?
            
                130 If you were an English teacher, what would you do to improve your students' English?
            
                131 If you could be famous throughout history for one thing, what would it be?
            
                132 If you had to lose an arm or a leg, which would you choose. Why?
            
                133 If you could be famous, but poor forever would you do it?
            
                134 If you could know every language in the world, but you would never be able to use your native language again, would you?
            
                135 If you woke up one morning in another country surrounded by people who spoke no english and with only the clothes you slept in, what would you do?
            
                136 If you could have the chance to re-choose your spouse, what kind would you choose?
            
                137 If you were a hotdog and you were starving, would you eat yourself?
            
                138 If electricity weren't invented yet, how would your life be different?
            
                139 If you could neglect one personal hygiene routine (shaving, brushing your teeth, cutting your nails, etc.) without any adverse effect to your image or health, what would you choose?
            
                140 If you were to be killed, what part of your body would you donate and why?
            
                141 If you went to the toilet and then discovered that there was no paper, what would you do?
            
                142 If you woke up in bed and saw a huge spider walking over you, what would you do?
            
                143 If you could have a party and invite anyone (dead or alive), which people would you invite?
            
                144 If you could eat only one food for the rest of your what food would you choose and why?
            
                145 What if your cell phone fell in the toilet, what would you do?
