
            
                1 Would you ever donate blood?
            
                2 Would you ever consider being a farmer?
            
                3 Would you ever consider getting plastic surgery?
            
                4 Would you ever donate a kidney or another vital organ?
            
                5 Would you ever donate an organ in order to save other person's life?
            
                6 Would you ever give money to a charity?
            
                7 Would you ever marry someone your parents didn't approve of?
            
                8 Would you ever drive a car if you had forgotten your license at home?
            
                9 Would you ever drive at night with only one headlight?
            
                10 Would you ever drive your car with a flat tire?
            
                11 Would you ever walk home alone at night?In this country?In your own country?
            
                12 Would you ever lie to your parents?
            
                13 Would you ever consider going bungee jumping?
            
                14 Would you ever consider going skydiving?
            
                15 Would you ever eat rice with sugar?
            
                16 Would you ever feed the animals at the zoo?
            
                17 Would you ever give money to a panhandler? (a beggar)
            
                18 Would you ever go skinny dipping? (swim naked)
            
                19 Would you ever lie to your children?To your husband/wife?Your boyfriend/girlfriend?
            
                20 Would you ever paint your living room black?
            
                21 Would you ever pick up a hitchhiker?
            
                22 Would you ever slap someone for something they said?
            
                23 Would you ever smoke in a no smoking area?
            
                24 Would you ever spank your child?
            
                25 Would you ever steal from your family or friends?
            
                26 Would you ever "take a bullet" for someone else?
            
                27 Would you eat a live cricket for $500? If not, how much money would it take?
            
                28 Would you ever consider killing yourself?
            
                29 Would you ever eat human flesh?
            
                30 Would you ever resort to cannibalism if it were the only option left to stay alive?
            
                31 Would you divorce your husband/wife if your favorite celebrity wanted to marry you?
            
                32 Would you name your children after favorite characters in movies or books? Would you do so if the names were strange, as in science fiction movies or books?
            
                33 Would you ever pull over and help someone on the side of the road?Do you think this could be dangerous to do?
            
                34 Would you ever consider plastic surgery if a friend suggested it to you?
            
                35 Would you ever consider writing your own book?
            
                36 Would you ever try staying in the jungle for a month?
            
                37 Would you ever consider surrogacy?
            
                38 Would you ever consider being a surrogate mother yourself?
            
                39 Would you ever consider egg or sperm donation?
            
                40 Would you ever drink your own urine?
            
                41 Would you ever cheat on your husband/wife?
            
                42 Would you ever consider being a criminal?
            
                43 Would you ever adopt a child?Would you ever give your child up for adoption?
            
                44 Would you ever defy your boss if he/she asked you to do something you didn't agree with?
            
                45 Would you ever eat rat meat?
